data/data/com.termux/files/home/.config/fish/config.fish                         alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.config/starship.toml                            alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.termux/colors.properties                        alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.termux/font.ttf                                 alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/alienkrishn                                   alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/androdos                                      androdos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/asciibanner                                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/1Row.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/3-D.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/3D Diagonal.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/3D-ASCII.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/3d.flf                    asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/3d_diagonal.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/3x5.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/4Max.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/5 Line Oblique.flf        asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/5lineoblique.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-ca.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-ca2.flc               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-cn.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-cu.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-de.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-dk.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-es.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-es2.flc               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-fr.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-gb.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-hu.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-irv.flc               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-it.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-jp.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-kr.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-no.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-no2.flc               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-pt.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-pt2.flc               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-se.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-se2.flc               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/646-yu.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/8859-2.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/8859-3.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/8859-4.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/8859-5.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/8859-7.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/8859-8.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/8859-9.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC 3 Line.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC 3 Liv1.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC AAA01.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC Neko.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC Razor.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC Razor2.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC Slash.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC Slider.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC Thin.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC Tubes.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/AMC Untitled.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ANSI Regular.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ANSI Shadow.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ASCII New Roman.flf       asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Acrobatic.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Alligator.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Alligator2.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Alpha.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Alphabet.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Arrows.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Avatar.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/B1FF.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/B1FF.php                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Banner.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Banner3-D.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Banner3.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Banner4.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Barbwire.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Basic.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Bear.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Bell.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Benjamin.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Big Chief.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Big Money-ne.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Big Money-nw.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Big Money-se.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Big Money-sw.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Big.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Bigfig.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Binary.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Block.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Blocks.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Bloody.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Bolger.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Braced.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Bright.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Broadway KB.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Broadway.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Bubble.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Bulbhead.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Caligraphy.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Caligraphy2.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Calvin S.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cards.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Catwalk.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Chiseled.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Chunky.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Coinstak.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cola.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Colossal.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Computer.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Contessa.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Contrast.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cosmike.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Crawford.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Crawford2.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Crazy.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cricket.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cursive.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cyberlarge.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cybermedium.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cybersmall.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Cygnet.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/DANC4.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/DOS Rebel.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/DWhistled.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Dancing Font.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Decimal.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Def Leppard.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Delta Corps Priest 1.flf  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Diamond.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Diet Cola.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Digital.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Doh.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Doom.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Dot Matrix.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Double Shorts.flf         asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Double.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Dr Pepper.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Efti Chess.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Efti Font.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Efti Italic.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Efti Piti.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Efti Robot.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Efti Wall.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Efti Water.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Electronic.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Elite.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Epic.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Examples.md               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Fender.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Filter.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Fire Font-k.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Fire Font-s.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Flipped.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Flower Power.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Four Tops.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Fraktur.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Fun Face.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Fun Faces.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Fuzzy.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Georgi16.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Georgia11.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Ghost.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Ghoulish.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Glenyn.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Goofy.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Gothic.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Graceful.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Gradient.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Graffiti.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Greek.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Heart Left.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Heart Right.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Henry 3D.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Hex.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Hieroglyphs.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Hollywood.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Horizontal Left.flf       asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Horizontal Right.flf      asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ICL-1900.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Impossible.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Invita.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Isometric1.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Isometric2.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Isometric3.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Isometric4.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Italic.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Ivrit.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/JS Block Letters.flf      asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/JS Bracket Letters.flf    asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/JS Capital Curves.flf     asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/JS Cursive.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/JS Stick Letters.flf      asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Jacky.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Jazmine.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Jerusalem.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Katakana.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Kban.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Keyboard.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Knob.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Konto Slant.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Konto.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/LCD.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Larry 3D 2.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Larry 3D.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Lean.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Letters.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Lil Devil.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Line Blocks.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Linux.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Lockergnome.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Madrid.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Marquee.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Maxfour.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Merlin1.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Merlin2.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Mike.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Mini.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Mirror.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Mnemonic.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Modular.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Morse.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Morse2.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Moscow.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Mshebrew210.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Muzzle.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/NScript.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/NT Greek.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/NV Script.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Nancyj-Fancy.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Nancyj-Improved.flf       asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Nancyj-Underlined.flf     asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Nancyj.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Nipples.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/O8.flf                    asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/OS2.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Octal.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Ogre.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Old Banner.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Patorjk's Cheese.flf      asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Patorjk-HeX.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Pawp.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Peaks Slant.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Peaks.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Pebbles.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Pepper.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Poison.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Puffy.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Puzzle.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Pyramid.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/README.md                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Rammstein.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Rectangles.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Red Phoenix.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Relief.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Relief2.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Reverse.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Roman.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Rot13.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Rot13.php                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Rotated.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Rounded.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Rowan Cap.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Rozzo.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Runic.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Runyc.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/S Blood.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/SL Script.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Santa Clara.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Script.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Serifcap.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Shadow.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Shimrod.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Short.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Slant Relief.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Slant.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Slide.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small Caps.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small Isometric1.flf      asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small Keyboard.flf        asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small Poison.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small Script.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small Shadow.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small Slant.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small Tengwar.flf         asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Small.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Soft.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Speed.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Spliff.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Stacey.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Stampate.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Stampatello.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Standard.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Star Strips.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Star Wars.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Stellar.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Stforek.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Stick Letters.flf         asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Stop.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Straight.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Stronger Than All.flf     asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Sub-Zero.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Swamp Land.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Swan.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Sweet.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/THIS.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tanja.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tengwar.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Term.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Test1.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/The Edge.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Thick.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Thin.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Thorned.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Three Point.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Ticks Slant.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Ticks.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tiles.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tinker-Toy.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tombstone.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Train.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Trek.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tsalagi.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tubes-Regular.flf         asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tubes-Smushed.flf         asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Tubular.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Twisted.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Two Point.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/USA Flag.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Univers.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Varsity.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Wavy.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Weird.flf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Wet Letter.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Whimsy.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/Wow.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/alligator3.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amc3line.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amc3liv1.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amcaaa01.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amcneko.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amcrazo2.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amcrazor.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amcslash.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amcslder.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amcthin.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amctubes.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/amcun1.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ascii12.tlf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ascii9.tlf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ascii_new_roman.flf       asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/bigascii12.tlf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/bigascii9.tlf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/bigchief.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/bigmono12.tlf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/bigmono9.tlf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/broadway_kb.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/calgphy2.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/circle.tlf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/cosmic.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/dancingfont.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/defleppard.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/dietcola.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/dosrebel.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/dotmatrix.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/doubleshorts.flf          asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/drpepper.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/eftichess.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/eftifont.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/eftipiti.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/eftirobot.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/eftitalic.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/eftiwall.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/eftiwater.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/emboss.tlf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/emboss2.tlf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/fire_font-k.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/fire_font-s.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/flowerpower.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/fourtops.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/frango.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/funface.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/funfaces.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/future.tlf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/halfiwi.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/heart_left.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/heart_right.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/henry3d.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/horizontalleft.flf        asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/horizontalright.flf       asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/hz.flc                    asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ilhebrew.flc              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/jis0201.flc               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/koholint.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/koi8r.flc                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/kompaktblk.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/kontoslant.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/larry3d.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/letter.tlf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/lildevil.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/lineblocks.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/maxiwi.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/miniwi.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/mono12.tlf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/mono9.tlf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/moscow.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ntgreek.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/oldbanner.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/pagga.tlf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/peaksslant.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/rebel.tlf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/red_phoenix.flf           asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/rev.flf                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/rowancap.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/rusto.tlf                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/rustofat.tlf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/s-relief.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/santaclara.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/sblood.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/six-fo.flf                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/slscript.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smallcaps.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smascii12.tlf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smascii9.tlf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smblock.tlf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smbraille.tlf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smisome1.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smkeyboard.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smmono12.tlf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smmono9.tlf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smpoison.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smscript.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smshadow.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smslant.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/smtengwar.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/starstrips.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/starwars.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/stencil.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/swampland.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/threepoint.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ticksslant.flf            asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/twopoint.flf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ublk.flf                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/upper.flc                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/usaflag.flf               asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/ushebrew.flc              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/uskata.flc                asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/utf8.flc                  asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/wetletter.flf             asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/asciibanner/fonts/wideterm.tlf              asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/LICENSE                                 asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/asciibanner.1.gz                   asciibanner
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/beef                                          beef
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bitb                                          bitb-framework
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bitb-installer                                bitb-framework
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/blackhat                                      blackhat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bh.jpeg                                       blackhat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/blutter                                       blutter
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/burpsuite-pro                                 burpsuite-pro
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/burpsuite-pro/burpsuite-pro.desktop burpsuite-pro
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/burpsuite-pro.png                   burpsuite-pro
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/burpsuite.desktop              burpsuite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/burpsuite.png                       burpsuite
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cctvip                                        cctvip
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cctvip.py                                   cctvip
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cloudflare-gui                                cloudflare-gui
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/cloudflared.desktop            cloudflare-gui
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/cloudflared.png                     cloudflare-gui
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cupp                                          cupp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cupp.cfg                                      cupp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/darksploit                                    darksploit-framework
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/enctool                                       enctool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/fuckyou                                       fuckyou
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/infect                                        infect
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/infect/key/infect.keystore                  infect
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/instajack                                     instajack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipinfo                                        ipinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iplookup                                      iplookup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/john                                          john
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/local2onion                                   local2onion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/locateme                                      locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/index.html                         locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/info.js                         locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/jquery3.3.1-jquery.min.js       locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/location.js                     locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/main.js                         locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/particles2.0.0-particles.min.js locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/warpspeed.min.js                locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/php/error.php                      locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/php/info.php                       locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/php/result.php                     locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/php/style.css                      locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/style.css                          locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/maskme                                        maskme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/parrot                                        parrot
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pdfcracker                                    pdfcracker
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phoneinfo                                     phoneinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/powerdos                                      powerdos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rhawk                                         redhawk
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/setoolkit                                     setoolkit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shorturl                                      shorturl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/.gitignore                     slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/.travis.yml                    slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/COPYING                        slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/Dockerfile                     slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/LICENSE                        slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/Makefile.am                    slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/Makefile.in                    slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/README.md                      slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/aclocal.m4                     slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/compile                        slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/config.h.in                    slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/configure                      slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/configure.ac                   slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/depcomp                        slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/install-sh                     slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/m4/ax_cxx_compile_stdcxx.m4    slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/man/Makefile.am                slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/man/Makefile.in                slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/man/slowhttptest.1             slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/missing                        slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/Makefile.am                slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/Makefile.in                slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/range-generator.cc         slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/range-generator.h          slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/range-request-generator-main.cc slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/range-request-generator.cc slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/range-request-generator.h  slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowhttptest.cc            slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowhttptest.h             slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowhttptestmain.cc        slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowlog.cc                 slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowlog.h                  slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowsocket.cc              slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowsocket.h               slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowstats.cc               slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowstats.h                slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowstats_test.cc          slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowurl.cc                 slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/slowurl.h                  slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/socket.cc                  slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/socket.h                   slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/text-generator.cc          slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/text-generator.h           slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/slowhttptest/src/text_gen_test.cc           slowhttptest
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spider                                        spider
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/spider/main.py                                spider
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/spider/report/report.py                       spider
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/spider/report/reporter.py                     spider
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/spider/report/requirements.txt                spider
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sqlmap                                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/term-helper                                   term-helper
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tsfconsole                                    termsploit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/demon_slayer.png termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/hacker_green.png termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/hacker_matrix.png termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/neon_hacker.png termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/neon_skull.jpg termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/skull.png termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/skull_green.png termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/skull_neon_ring.jpg termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/backgrounds/termux-desktop-wallpapers/spiderman.jpeg termux-desktop-wallpapers
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-desktop                                termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/LICENSE    termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/README.md  termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/4kvideodownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/4kyoutubetomp3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Alacritty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/AppImageLauncher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/CMakeSetup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/GammaRay.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/GuitarPro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/JabRef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/JavaFXSceneBuilder2.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/MediaHuman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/PCSX2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/YACReader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/YACReaderLibrary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Zettlr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-camera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-character-map.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-ebook-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-text-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/acetoneiso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/acroread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/aegisub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/affinity-designer-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/affinity-photo-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/affinity-publisher-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/akregator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/androidstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/anjuta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ankama.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/anki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/anydesk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/apachedirectorystudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/apifox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applets-screenshooter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-development.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-education.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-office.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-science.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-utilities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/aqemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/arcolinux-hello.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ardour.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/arduino.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/armorpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/aseprite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/atlauncher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/atom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/audacious.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/audacity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/audiobook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/authy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/avidemux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/azuredatastudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/barrier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bcompare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/beekeeper-studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bitwarden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bitwig-studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/blackmagic-Fusion8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/blender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/blockbench.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluemail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/boostnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brackets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-browser-dev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-browser-nightly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/burp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calibre-ebook-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calibre-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cantata.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cantor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cawbird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/charles-proxy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cheese.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cherrytree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/choqok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chromium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/citrix-receiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ckb-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/clamav.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/clementine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/clion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cliq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cockos-reaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/codeblocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/codelite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/colab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.bambulab.BambuStudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.georgefb.haruna.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gexperts.Terminix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gexperts.Tilix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.alainm23.planner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.calo001.fondo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.fabiocolacio.marker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.gi_lom.dialect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.johnfactotum.Foliate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.maoschanz.drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.tchx84.Flatseal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.unrud.VideoDownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.leinardi.gwe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.system76.Popsicle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.kprometheus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/computerjanitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/conky-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/conky-manager2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/conky.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cool-retro-term.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/copyq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cozydrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cura-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cuttlefish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cypress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/darktable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/datagrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dbeaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dconf-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/de.haeckerfelix.Fragments.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deadbeef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deja-dup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deluge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/desktop-environment-xfce.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/digikam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dino.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/diodon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/discord-canary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/discord.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/disk-burner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/disk-usage-analyzer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/disk-utility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-alpine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-antergos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-antix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-archbang.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-archlabs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-archlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-artix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-bunsenlabs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-deepin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-elementary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-endeavouros.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-fedora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-freebsd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-gentoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-kali-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-linux-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-manjaro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-opensuse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-parrot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-pop-os.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-qubes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu-budgie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu-mate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu-studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-void.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dnfdragora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/docker-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/document-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dolphin-emu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dosbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/doublecmd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/draw.io.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dropbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/easyeffects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/eclipse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/eddy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/electronic-wechat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/element-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/elisa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/enpass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/epic-games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/etcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/etherape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/exaile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/falkon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fceux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fedy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ferdi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ferdium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fiddler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/figma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fiji.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/filezilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-developer-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-developer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-nightly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firewall-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/flameshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fluent-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fluxgui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/focalboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/font-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fontforge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/foot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fr.romainvigier.MetadataCleaner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/franz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/freealchemist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/freecad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/freeplane.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/freetube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fritzing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gajim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gdevelop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/geany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gemini.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/geogebra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ghex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ghidra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ghostwriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gimp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gitahead.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/github-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gitkraken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/glade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-boxes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mpv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-sound-recorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnvim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/godot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/goland.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/google-chrome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/google-drive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/google-webdesigner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpodder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/grafx2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gramps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/grindr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtkcord.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtkhash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/guake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gufw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/guvcview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hb-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/help-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/heroic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/homebank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hp_logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hwinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hydrogen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hyper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hyperspace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/im.srain.Srain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/inkscape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/input-tablet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/insomnia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.elementary.code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.OpenToonz.svg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.seadve.Mousai.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/irc-chat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/itch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ivpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jami.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jdownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jellyfin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-toolbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jockey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/joplin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/juk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/julia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jupyter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jupyterlab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kaddressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kaffeine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kalarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/karbon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kbreakout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdbg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdeconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdenlive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdevelop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdocker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/keepassxc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/keeweb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kfontview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kicad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kid3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kitty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmenuedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmouth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmymoney.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/knemo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kodi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kontact-import-wizard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kontact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/konversation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kopete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/korganizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kpatience.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kphotoalbum.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krfb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kruler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krusader_root.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktimer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kvantum.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kwalletmanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/latte-dock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/layouts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lazarus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lbry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/league-of-legends.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/librecad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/librewolf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lightbeat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/linphone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/livepatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lmms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/logisim-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lokalize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lollypop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lunarclient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mailspring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/makehuman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/marble.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/masterduel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-panel-separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mathematica.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/matlab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mattermost.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mediawriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mega.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/meld.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mellowplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mendeley-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mercury.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/messenger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/micropad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/microsoft-edge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/minecraft.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/minitube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mixxx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mkvmerge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/monero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mongodb-compass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/monodevelop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/motrix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mp3splt-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mpv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ms-office.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ms-outlook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mullvad-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mullvad-vpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-audio-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-photo-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-photo-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-video-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multipass.gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mumble.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/musescore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/musixmatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mx-qsi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mysql-workbench.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nemiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/netbeans.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/netease-cloud-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/newshosting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nextcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nheko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nicotine-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nl.g4d.Girens.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/noisetorch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/noson.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/notepadqq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/notion-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nut-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nyxt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/obsidian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ocenaudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/octave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/octopi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/odio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/office-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/onionshare80.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/onlyoffice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openbroadcaster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openlp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openrgb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openscad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/opera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.cryptomator.Cryptomator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gabmus.gfeeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Connections.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Extensions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Fractal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Podcasts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.TwentyFortyEight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.neochat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.olivevideoeditor.Olive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.polymc.PolyMC.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.postmarketos.Megapixels.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.wezfurlong.wezterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.x.Warpinator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/origin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/osu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/packet-tracer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pamac-aur.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/parsec.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/partitionmanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/password-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/peek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pencil.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pgadmin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/phpmyadmin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/phpstorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/picard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pidgin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pinta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pitivi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pixelorama.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plasma-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/playonlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plexhometheater.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/poedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pomatez.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-cosmic-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-cosmic-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-cosmic-workspaces.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-shop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/popcorn-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/postman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-power.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-privacy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-windows-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/protonvpn-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/prusagcodeviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pulseeffects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pureref.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/putty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharmedu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/python.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qalculate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qbittorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qdbusviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qgis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qimgv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtcreator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/quire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/quodlibet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qv4l2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qvidcap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/racket-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/radiotray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/raindrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rambox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rawtherapee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rclone-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rdm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/redshift.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/remmina.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/renderdoc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/resolve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/retroarch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rg.gnome.Boxes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rider.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/riot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rlogo_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/robo3t.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rosegarden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rpcs3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rubymine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ryujinx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/scratch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/scribus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/seafile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/searchmonkey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/selinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/session-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/shadowsocks-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sheets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/shutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/signal-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/simplenote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/simplescreenrecorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/skanlite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/skrooge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/skype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/slack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/slic3r-prusa3d.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sm.puri.Calls.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sm.puri.Chatty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-store.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/solaar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/soundkonverter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotify-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spyder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sqldeveloper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stacer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/standard-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_440.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stellarium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stoplight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/strawberry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stremio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/superproductivity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/superslicer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/supertux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/surfshark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sweethome3d.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/synaptic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/syncplay.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/syncthing-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-lock-screen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-log-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-reboot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-shutdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-software-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-software-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-suspend-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tagainijisho.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tastyworks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tdewalletmanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/teams-for-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/teamspeak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/teamviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/telegram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/telepathy-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/terminator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/terminix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/termius.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/terraria.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tetrio-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/texmaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/texstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thedarkmod.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thermal-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thinkorswim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thorium-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tidal-hifi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tigervnc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tiled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/timeshift.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/transmission.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/trilium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tutanota-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tuxedo-control-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tuxguitar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/twitch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/twitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/typora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ue4editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/uget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ulauncher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/umbrello.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-editor-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unityhub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/usb-creator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/usbguard-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-log-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-system-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-tweak-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/utox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/variety.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/veracrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/virt-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/virtualbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/visual-studio-code-insiders.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vivaldi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vlc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmware-netcfg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmware-workstation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vncviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vscodium-Wayland.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vscodium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/war-thunder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/warsow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/waterfox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wcm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/webex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/webstorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsapp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/winds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/winetricks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wireshark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/words.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/workspace-switcher-top-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-etmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-kprometheus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-wppmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-wpsmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xchat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-session.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-systray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xournal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/youtube-dl-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/youtube-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/youtube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yuna.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yuzu-ea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yuzu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zeal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zotero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/battery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-harddisk-root.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-harddisk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-multidisk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-multipartition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-optical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-partition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-removable-media.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/input-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/input-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/network-rj11-female.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/network-rj45-female.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/smartphone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/index.theme termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-json.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-anki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-bittorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-deb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-iso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-plasma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ruby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-svg+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/rpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-html.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-julia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-c++.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-c++hdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-csrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-css.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-emacs-lisp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-go.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-julia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-markdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-python.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-rust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-sass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-script.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/edit-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-black.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-blue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-brown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-cloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-cyan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-development.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-favorites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-gdrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-green.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-grey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-magenta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-orange.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-pictures.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-publicshare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-script.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-temp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-templates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-videos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-violet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-yellow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/globe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/mail-folder-inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/mail-folder-outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/mail-folder-sent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/mail-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/network-server-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/network-workgroup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-pictures.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-publicshare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-recent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-templates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-videos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/user-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-locale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme-windowdecorations.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-devices-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-login.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-network-dsl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-network-ethernet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preview/candy.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preview/cli.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preview/folders.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preview/icons.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/LICENSE termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/README.md termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/action-unavailable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/address-book-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/adjustcurves.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/adjusthsl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/adjustlevels.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/adjustrgb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/akonadi-phone-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-left-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-right-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-top-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-top-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_cart_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_cart_remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_cart_view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/antivignetting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/application-exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/application-rss+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/appointment-missed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/appointment-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/appointment-soon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/arrow-down-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/arrow-up-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/as_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/as_light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/atmosphere.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/audio-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/autocorrection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/automated-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bitmap-trace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/blurfx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmark-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmark-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmarks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bordertool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_top_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/boundingbox_top_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bwtonal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cache.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/calendar-go-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/call-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/call-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/camera-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/camera-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/camera-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/channelmixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/chronometer-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/chronometer-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_extractfiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_flatview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_markinvert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_markminus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_markplus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_runterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/code-block.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/code-class.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/code-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/code-function.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/code-typedef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/code-variable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/color-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/color-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/color-management.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/color-picker-black.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/color-picker-grey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/color-picker-white.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/color-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/color-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/colorfx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/colorneg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/colors-chromablue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/colors-chromagreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/colors-chromared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/compass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/configure-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/configure-toolbars.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/contact-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/contrast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/coordinate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/crosshairs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/curve-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dashboard-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/database-index.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-run-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-step-instruction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-step-into.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-step-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-step-over.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/delete-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/depth16to8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/depth8to16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-input-devices.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-layers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-messages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-ok-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-text-and-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-tile-clones.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-xml-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-graph-directed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-graph.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-randomize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-unclump.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-equal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-margin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-edit-decrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-edit-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-edit-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-new-from-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-open-recent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-page-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-revert-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-save-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-swap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/double-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-bezier-curves.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-brush.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-calligraphic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-circle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-cross.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-cuboid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-donut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-eraser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-halfcircle1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-halfcircle2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-halfcircle3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-halfcircle4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-polygon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-polyline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-spiral.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-watercolor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/earthquake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-bomb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clone-unlink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-find-replace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-image-face-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-image-face-recognize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-paste-in-place.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-paste-style.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-redo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-select-all-layers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-select-invert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-select-lasso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-select-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-select-original.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-cell-merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-cell-split.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-delete-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-delete-row.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-text-frame-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/exchange-positions-zorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/exchange-positions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/favorite-genres-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-anthy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-cangjie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-chewing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-chn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-erbi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-hangul.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-kkc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-pinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-punc-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-remind-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-rime-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-rime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-sayura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-shuangpin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-skk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-unikey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-vk-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-wubi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-ziranma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-and-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-divider.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-dot-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-initial-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-moodbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-slash-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-space-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-title-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-underscore-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filesaveas.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filmgrain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/find-location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fitbest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fitheight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fitsize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fitwidth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/flag-black.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/flag-blue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/flag-green.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/flag-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/flag-yellow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/focus-legacy-systray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/focus-top-bar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/focus-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/folder-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/folder-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/folder-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/folder-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/font-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-add-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-align-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-break-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-connect-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-convert-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-currency.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-font-size-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-font-size-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-indent-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-indent-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-insert-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-join-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-justify-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-justify-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-justify-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-justify-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-line-spacing-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-line-spacing-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-line-spacing-triple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-list-unordered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-node-corner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-node-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-node-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-node-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-node-symmetric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-number-percent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-precision-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-precision-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-remove-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-segment-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-segment-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-blockquote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-bold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-capitalize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-direction-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-direction-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-direction-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-italic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-larger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-lowercase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-remove-formatting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-smaller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-strikethrough.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-subscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-superscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-symbol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-underline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-uppercase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-achievements.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-config-board.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-config-tiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-difficult.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/giggle-branch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-first.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-jump-declaration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-jump-definition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-jump-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-jump.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-last.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-next-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-next-use.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-parent-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-previous-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-previous-use.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/grid-rectangular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-convert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-select-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-contents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hotpixels.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hypnotoad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/icon_radio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/icon_tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/icon_user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-ban-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-facebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-gadugadu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-google-talk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-google.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-groupwise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-icq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-identi.ca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-invisible-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-irc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-jabber.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-kick-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-msn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-qq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-skype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-twitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-user-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-user-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-user-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-user-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-yahoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-denoise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-filter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-red-eye.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-sharpen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-straighten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-button.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-emoticon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-endnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-footnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-math-expression.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-more-mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-object.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-page-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-text-frame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/irc-channel-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/irc-remove-operator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/journal-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdeconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-hor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-vert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-hide-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-object-height.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-object-width.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-select-images.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-select-rects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-select-texts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-select-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-show-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-show-markers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-show-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-split-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/key-enter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kittens.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kmouth-phrase-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_combine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_comparedirs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_unselect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_cbound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_clines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_cnames.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_deepsky.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_ekos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_fitsviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_hgrid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_horizon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_indi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_mw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_satellites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_solarsystem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kstars_supernovae.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-add-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-magnet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-remove-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-speed-limits.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-stop-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-upnp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-TeX-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-axis-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-shift-down-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-shift-left-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-shift-right-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-shift-up-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-xy-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-visible-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-visible-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lensautofix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lensdistortion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/license.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lighttable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lines-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/list-add-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/list-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/list-remove-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/list-remove-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/list-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/love-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/love.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-attachment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-encrypted-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-folder-sent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-invitation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-junk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-notjunk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-read.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-message-new-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-message-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-open-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-read.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-sender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-send-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-signed-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-tagged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-thread-ignored.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-thread-watch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-unread-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-unread-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/manga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/map-flat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/map-globe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/map-gnomonic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/map-mercator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mark-location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/measure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-album-track.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-playback-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-playback-start-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-playback-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-playback-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-playlist-shuffle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-random-albums-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-seek-backward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-seek-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-skip-backward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-skip-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-track-queue-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-view-subtitles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/meeting-participant-no-response.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/meeting-participant-request-response.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mesh-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mic-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mic-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mic-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/network-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/network-disconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/new-24h-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/news-unsubscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-delete-segment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-join-segment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-join.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-segment-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-segment-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-transform.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-type-auto-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-type-cusp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-type-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/node-type-symmetric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-flip-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-flip-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-rotate-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-rotate-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-rows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-straighten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-ungroup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-area-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-area-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-area.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-bar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-line-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-line-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-pie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-polar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-ring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/office-chart-scatter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/page-2sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/page-3sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/page-4sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/page-simple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pan-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pan-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pan-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pan-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pane-hide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pane-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/path-clip-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/path-effect-parameter-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/path-mask-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pgp-keys.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pipe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player-volume.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/playlist-automatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/playlist-generator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/playlist-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/playlist-similar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/plugins.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/preferences-activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/process-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/project-development-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/project-development-new-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/project-development.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/qlipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/query-free-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/quickopen-class.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/quickopen-function.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/quickopen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/raindrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rating-unrated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/redeyes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/remove-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/reply-all-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/reply-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/resource-calendar-child.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/resource-calendar-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/resource-group-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/restoration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/retweet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/reverse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rime-disable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/roll.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-build-clean.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-build-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-build-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-build-install-root.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-build-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-build-prune.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/semi-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/send-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/shapes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/sharpenimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/show-guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/show-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/show-node-handles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/show-path-outline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/sidebar-places.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-extension.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-guideline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-intersection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-cusp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-intersection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-orthogonal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap-text-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/snap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/sort-name.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/standard-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_xfburn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-butt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-round.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-square.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-join-bevel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-join-miter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-join-round.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/svn-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/svn-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/system-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/system-software-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab-new-background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-recents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/task-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/task-past-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/taxes-finances.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text-field.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text-frame-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text-frame-unlink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text-wrap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text_letter_spacing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text_line_spacing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/texture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool-measure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool-node-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool-spray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool-tweak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool_color_eraser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-check-spelling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-burn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-erase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-format.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-report-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-rip-video-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/torrents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-affect-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-affect-pattern.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-affect-stroke.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-rotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-shear-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-shear-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-shear-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-shear-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/trash-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/twitter-dm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/twitter-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/twitter-mentions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/twitter-profile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/user_purple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-bank-account-checking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-bank-account-savings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-bank-account.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-bank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-barcode-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-barcode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-birthday.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-holiday.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-month.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-timeline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-week.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-workweek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-certificate-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-certificate-export-secret.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-certificate-export-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-certificate-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-certificate-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-certificate-server-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-certificate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-compact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-continuous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-coverflow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-dual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-filter-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-filter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-form-action.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-form.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-left-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-list-compact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-list-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-list-images.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-list-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-list-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-equalizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-lyrics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-more-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-multiple-objects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-object-histogram-linear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-paged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-contacts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-news.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-summary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-readermode-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-readermode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-restore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-right-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-sidetree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-sort-ascending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-sort-descending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-split-top-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-statistics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-task-child.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-user-offline-kopete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view_left_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/wallet-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/whitebalance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window-maximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window-minimize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window-restore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-clementine-artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xc_crosshair.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-maximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-shade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-stick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-unshade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-unstick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/y-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zone-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zone-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-1-to-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-2-to-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-best.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-height.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-selection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-width.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-in-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-original.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-out-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-out-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/action-unavailable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/address-book-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/adjustcurves.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/adjusthsl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/adjustlevels.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/adjustrgb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/akonadi-phone-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-top-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-top-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_cart_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_cart_remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_cart_view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/antivignetting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/application-exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/application-rss+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/appointment-missed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/appointment-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/appointment-soon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/arrow-down-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/arrow-up-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/atmosphere.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/audio-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/autocorrection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/automated-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bitmap-trace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/blurfx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmark-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmark-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmarks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bordertool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_top_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/boundingbox_top_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bwtonal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cache.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/calendar-go-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/call-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/call-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/camera-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/camera-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/camera-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/channelmixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/chronometer-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/chronometer-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_extractfiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_flatview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_markinvert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_markminus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_markplus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_runterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/code-block.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/code-class.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/code-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/code-function.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/code-typedef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/code-variable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/color-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/color-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/color-management.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/color-picker-black.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/color-picker-grey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/color-picker-white.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/color-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/color-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/colorfx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/colorneg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/colors-chromablue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/colors-chromagreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/colors-chromared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/compass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/configure-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/configure-toolbars.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/contact-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/contrast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/coordinate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/crosshairs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/curve-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dashboard-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/database-index.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-run-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-step-instruction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-step-into.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-step-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-step-over.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/delete-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/depth16to8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/depth8to16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-input-devices.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-layers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-messages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-ok-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-text-and-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-tile-clones.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-xml-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-graph-directed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-graph.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-randomize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-unclump.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-equal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-margin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-edit-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-edit-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-new-from-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-open-recent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-page-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-revert-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-save-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-swap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/double-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-bezier-curves.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-brush.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-calligraphic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-circle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-cross.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-cuboid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-donut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-eraser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-halfcircle1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-halfcircle2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-halfcircle3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-halfcircle4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-polygon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-polyline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-spiral.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-watercolor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/earthquake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-bomb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clone-unlink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-find-replace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-image-face-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-image-face-recognize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-paste-in-place.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-paste-style.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-redo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-select-all-layers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-select-invert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-select-lasso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-select-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-select-original.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-cell-merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-cell-split.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-delete-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-delete-row.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-text-frame-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/exchange-positions-zorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/exchange-positions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/favorite-genres-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-anthy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-cangjie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-chewing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-chn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-erbi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-hangul.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-kkc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-pinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-punc-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-remind-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-rime-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-rime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-sayura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-shuangpin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-skk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-unikey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-vk-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-wubi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-ziranma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-and-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-divider.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-dot-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-initial-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-moodbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-slash-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-space-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-title-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-underscore-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filesaveas.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filmgrain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/find-location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fitbest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fitheight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fitsize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fitwidth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/flag-black.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/flag-blue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/flag-green.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/flag-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/flag-yellow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/focus-legacy-systray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/focus-top-bar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/focus-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/folder-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/folder-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/folder-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/folder-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/font-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-add-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-align-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-break-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-connect-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-convert-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-currency.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-font-size-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-font-size-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-indent-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-indent-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-insert-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-join-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-justify-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-justify-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-justify-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-justify-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-line-spacing-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-line-spacing-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-line-spacing-triple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-list-unordered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-node-corner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-node-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-node-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-node-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-node-symmetric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-number-percent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-precision-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-precision-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-remove-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-segment-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-segment-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-blockquote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-bold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-capitalize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-direction-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-direction-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-direction-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-italic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-larger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-lowercase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-remove-formatting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-smaller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-strikethrough.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-subscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-superscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-symbol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-underline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-uppercase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-achievements.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-config-board.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-config-tiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-difficult.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/giggle-branch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-first.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-jump-declaration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-jump-definition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-jump-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-jump.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-last.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-next-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-next-use.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-parent-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-previous-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-previous-use.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/grid-rectangular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-convert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-select-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-contents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hotpixels.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-ban-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-facebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-gadugadu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-google-talk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-google.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-groupwise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-icq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-identi.ca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-invisible-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-irc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-jabber.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-kick-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-msn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-qq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-skype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-twitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-user-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-user-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-user-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-user-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-yahoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-denoise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-filter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-red-eye.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-sharpen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-straighten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-button.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-emoticon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-endnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-footnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-math-expression.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-more-mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-object.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-page-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-text-frame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/irc-channel-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/irc-remove-operator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/journal-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdeconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-hor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-vert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-object-height.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-object-width.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-images.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-rects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-texts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-markers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-split-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/key-enter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kmouth-phrase-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_combine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_comparedirs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_unselect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_cbound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_clines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_cnames.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_deepsky.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_ekos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_fitsviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_hgrid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_horizon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_indi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_mw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_satellites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_solarsystem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kstars_supernovae.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-add-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-magnet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-remove-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-speed-limits.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-stop-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-upnp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-TeX-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-axis-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-shift-down-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-shift-left-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-shift-right-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-shift-up-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-visible-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-visible-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lensautofix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lensdistortion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/license.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lighttable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lines-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/list-add-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/list-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/list-remove-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/list-remove-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/list-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/love-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-attachment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-encrypted-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-folder-sent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-invitation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-junk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-notjunk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-read.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-message-new-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-message-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-open-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-read.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-sender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-send-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-signed-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-tagged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-thread-ignored.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-thread-watch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-unread-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-unread-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/manga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/map-flat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/map-globe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/map-gnomonic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/map-mercator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mark-location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/measure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-album-track.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-playback-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-playback-start-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-playback-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-playback-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-playlist-shuffle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-random-albums-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-seek-backward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-seek-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-skip-backward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-skip-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-track-queue-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-view-subtitles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/meeting-participant-no-response.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/meeting-participant-request-response.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mesh-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mic-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mic-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mic-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/network-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/network-disconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/new-24h-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/news-unsubscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-delete-segment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-join-segment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-join.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-segment-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-segment-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-transform.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-type-auto-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-type-cusp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-type-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/node-type-symmetric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-flip-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-flip-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-rotate-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-rotate-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-rows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-straighten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-ungroup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-area-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-area-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-area.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-bar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-line-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-line-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-pie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-polar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-ring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/office-chart-scatter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/page-2sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/page-3sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/page-4sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/page-simple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pan-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pan-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pan-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pan-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pane-hide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pane-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/path-clip-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/path-effect-parameter-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/path-mask-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pgp-keys.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pipe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player-volume.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/playlist-automatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/playlist-generator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/playlist-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/playlist-similar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/plugins.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/preferences-activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/process-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/project-development-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/project-development-new-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/project-development.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/qlipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/query-free-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/quickopen-class.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/quickopen-function.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/quickopen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/raindrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rating-unrated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/redeyes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/remove-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/reply-all-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/reply-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/resource-calendar-child.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/resource-calendar-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/resource-group-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/restoration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/retweet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/reverse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rime-disable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/roll.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-build-clean.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-build-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-build-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-build-install-root.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-build-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-build-prune.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/semi-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/send-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/shapes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/sharpenimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/show-guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/show-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/show-node-handles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/show-path-outline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/sidebar-places.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-extension.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-guideline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-intersection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-cusp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-intersection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-orthogonal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap-text-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/snap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/sort-name.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/standard-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_xfburn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-butt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-round.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-square.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-join-bevel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-join-miter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-join-round.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/svn-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/svn-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/system-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/system-software-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab-new-background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-recents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/task-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/task-past-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/taxes-finances.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text-field.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text-frame-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text-frame-unlink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text-wrap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text_letter_spacing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text_line_spacing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/texture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool-measure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool-node-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool-spray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool-tweak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool_color_eraser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-check-spelling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-erase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-format.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-report-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-rip-video-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/torrents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-affect-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-affect-pattern.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-affect-stroke.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-rotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-shear-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-shear-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-shear-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-shear-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/trash-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/twitter-dm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/twitter-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/twitter-mentions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/twitter-profile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/user-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-bank-account-checking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-bank-account-savings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-bank-account.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-bank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-barcode-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-barcode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-birthday.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-holiday.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-month.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-timeline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-week.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-workweek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-export-secret.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-export-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-server-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-certificate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-compact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-continuous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-coverflow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-dual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-filter-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-filter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-form-action.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-form.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-left-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-list-compact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-list-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-list-images.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-list-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-list-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-equalizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-lyrics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-more-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-multiple-objects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-object-histogram-linear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-paged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-contacts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-news.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-summary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-readermode-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-readermode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-restore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-right-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-sidetree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-sort-ascending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-sort-descending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-split-top-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-statistics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-task-child.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-user-offline-kopete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view_left_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/wallet-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/whitebalance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window-maximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window-minimize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window-restore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-clementine-artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/xc_crosshair.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/y-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zone-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zone-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-1-to-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-2-to-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-best.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-height.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-selection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-width.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-in-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-original.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-out-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-out-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/action-unavailable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/address-book-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/adjustcurves.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/adjusthsl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/adjustlevels.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/adjustrgb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/akonadi-phone-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-left-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-right-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-top-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-top-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_cart_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_cart_remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_cart_view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/antivignetting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/application-exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/application-rss+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/appointment-missed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/appointment-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/appointment-soon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/arrow-down-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/arrow-up-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/atmosphere.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/audio-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/autocorrection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/automated-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bitmap-trace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/blurfx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmark-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmark-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmarks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bordertool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_top_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/boundingbox_top_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bwtonal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cache.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/calendar-go-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/call-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/call-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/camera-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/camera-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/camera-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/channelmixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/chronometer-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/chronometer-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_extractfiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_flatview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_markinvert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_markminus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_markplus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_runterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/code-block.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/code-class.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/code-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/code-function.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/code-typedef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/code-variable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/color-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/color-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/color-management.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/color-picker-black.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/color-picker-grey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/color-picker-white.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/color-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/color-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/colorfx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/colorneg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/colors-chromablue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/colors-chromagreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/colors-chromared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/compass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/configure-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/configure-toolbars.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/contact-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/contrast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/coordinate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/crosshairs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/curve-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dashboard-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/database-index.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-run-cursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-step-instruction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-step-into.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-step-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-step-over.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/delete-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/depth16to8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/depth8to16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-input-devices.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-layers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-messages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-ok-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-text-and-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-tile-clones.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-xml-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-graph-directed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-graph.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-randomize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-unclump.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-equal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-margin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-edit-decrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-edit-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-edit-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-new-from-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-open-recent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-page-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-revert-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-save-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-swap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/double-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-bezier-curves.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-brush.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-calligraphic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-circle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-cross.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-cuboid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-donut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-eraser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-halfcircle1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-halfcircle2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-halfcircle3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-halfcircle4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-polygon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-polyline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-spiral.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-watercolor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/earthquake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-bomb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clone-unlink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-find-replace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-image-face-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-image-face-recognize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-paste-in-place.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-paste-style.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-redo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-select-all-layers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-select-invert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-select-lasso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-select-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-select-original.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-cell-merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-cell-split.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-delete-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-delete-row.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-text-frame-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/escape-direction-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/escape-direction-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/escape-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/escape-direction-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/escape-direction-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/escape-direction-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/escape-direction-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/exchange-positions-zorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/exchange-positions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/favorite-genres-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-anthy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-cangjie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-chewing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-chn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-erbi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-hangul.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-kkc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-pinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-punc-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-remind-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-rime-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-rime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-sayura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-shuangpin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-skk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-unikey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-vk-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-wubi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-ziranma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-and-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-divider.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-dot-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-initial-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-moodbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-slash-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-space-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-title-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-underscore-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filesaveas.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fill-rule-even-odd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fill-rule-nonzero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filmgrain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/find-location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fitbest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fitheight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fitsize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fitwidth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/flag-black.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/flag-blue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/flag-green.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/flag-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/flag-yellow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/focus-legacy-systray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/focus-top-bar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/focus-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/folder-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/folder-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/folder-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/folder-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/font-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-add-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-align-vertical-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-break-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-connect-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-convert-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-currency.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-font-size-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-font-size-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-indent-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-indent-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-insert-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-join-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-justify-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-justify-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-justify-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-justify-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-line-spacing-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-line-spacing-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-line-spacing-triple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-list-unordered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-node-corner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-node-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-node-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-node-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-node-symmetric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-number-percent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-precision-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-precision-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-remove-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-segment-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-segment-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-blockquote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-bold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-capitalize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-direction-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-direction-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-direction-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-italic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-larger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-lowercase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-remove-formatting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-smaller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-strikethrough.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-subscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-superscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-symbol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-underline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-uppercase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-achievements.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-config-board.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-config-tiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-difficult.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/giggle-branch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-first.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-jump-declaration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-jump-definition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-jump-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-jump.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-last.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-next-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-next-use.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-parent-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-previous-context.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-previous-use.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/grid-rectangular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-convert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-select-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-contents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hotpixels.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-ban-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-facebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-gadugadu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-google-talk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-google.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-groupwise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-icq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-identi.ca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-invisible-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-irc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-jabber.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-kick-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-msn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-qq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-skype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-twitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-user-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-user-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-user-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-user-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-yahoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-denoise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-filter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-red-eye.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-sharpen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-straighten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-button.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-emoticon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-endnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-footnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-math-expression.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-more-mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-object.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-page-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-text-frame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/irc-channel-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/irc-remove-operator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/journal-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdeconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-align-hor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-align-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-align-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-align-vert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-hide-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-object-height.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-object-width.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-select-images.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-select-rects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-select-texts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-select-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-show-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-show-markers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-show-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-split-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/key-enter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kmouth-phrase-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_combine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_comparedirs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_unselect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_cbound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_clines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_cnames.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_deepsky.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_ekos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_fitsviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_hgrid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_horizon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_indi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_mw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_satellites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_solarsystem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kstars_supernovae.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-add-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-magnet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-remove-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-speed-limits.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-stop-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-upnp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-TeX-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-axis-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-shift-down-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-shift-left-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-shift-right-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-shift-up-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-xy-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-visible-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-visible-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lensautofix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lensdistortion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/license.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lighttable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lines-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/list-add-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/list-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/list-remove-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/list-remove-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/list-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/love-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-attachment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-encrypted-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-folder-sent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-invitation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-junk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-notjunk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-read.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-message-new-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-message-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-open-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-read.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-sender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-send-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-signed-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-tagged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-thread-ignored.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-thread-watch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-unread-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-unread-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/manga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/map-flat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/map-globe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/map-gnomonic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/map-mercator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mark-location.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/measure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-album-track.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-playback-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-playback-start-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-playback-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-playback-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-playlist-shuffle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-random-albums-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-seek-backward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-seek-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-skip-backward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-skip-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-track-queue-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-view-subtitles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/meeting-participant-no-response.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/meeting-participant-request-response.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mesh-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mic-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mic-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mic-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/network-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/network-disconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/new-24h-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/news-unsubscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-delete-segment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-join-segment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-join.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-segment-curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-segment-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-transform.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-type-auto-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-type-cusp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-type-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/node-type-symmetric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-flip-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-flip-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-rotate-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-rotate-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-rows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-straighten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-ungroup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-area-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-area-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-area.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-bar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-line-percentage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-line-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-pie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-polar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-ring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/office-chart-scatter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/page-2sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/page-3sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/page-4sides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/page-simple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/paint-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/paint-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pan-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pan-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pan-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pan-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pane-hide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pane-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/path-clip-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/path-effect-parameter-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/path-mask-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pgp-keys.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pipe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player-volume.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/playlist-automatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/playlist-generator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/playlist-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/playlist-similar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/plugins.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/preferences-activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/process-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/project-development-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/project-development-new-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/project-development.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/qlipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/query-free-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/quickopen-class.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/quickopen-function.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/quickopen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/raindrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rating-unrated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/redeyes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/remove-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/reply-all-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/reply-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/resource-calendar-child.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/resource-calendar-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/resource-group-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/restoration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/retweet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/reverse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rime-disable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/roll.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-build-clean.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-build-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-build-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-build-install-root.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-build-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-build-prune.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/semi-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/send-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/shapes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/sharpenimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/show-guides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/show-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/show-node-handles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/show-path-outline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/sidebar-places.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-extension.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-guideline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-intersection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-cusp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-intersection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-smooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-orthogonal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap-text-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/snap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/sort-name.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/standard-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_xfburn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-butt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-round.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-square.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-join-bevel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-join-miter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-join-round.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-to-path.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/svn-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/svn-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/system-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/system-software-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab-new-background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-recents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/task-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/task-past-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/taxes-finances.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text-field.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text-frame-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text-frame-unlink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text-wrap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text_letter_spacing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text_line_spacing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/texture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool-measure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool-node-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool-spray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool-tweak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool_color_eraser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-check-spelling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-burn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-erase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-format.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-report-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-rip-video-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/torrents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-affect-gradient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-affect-pattern.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-affect-stroke.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-move-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-move-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-rotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-scale-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-scale-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-shear-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-shear-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-shear-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-shear-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-skew-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-skew-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/trash-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/twitter-dm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/twitter-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/twitter-mentions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/twitter-profile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/user-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-bank-account-checking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-bank-account-savings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-bank-account.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-bank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-barcode-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-barcode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-birthday.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-holiday.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-month.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-timeline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-week.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-workweek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-export-secret.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-export-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-server-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-certificate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-compact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-continuous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-coverflow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-dual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-filter-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-filter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-form-action.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-form.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-left-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-list-compact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-list-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-list-images.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-list-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-list-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-equalizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-lyrics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-more-horizontal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-multiple-objects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-object-histogram-linear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-paged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-contacts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-news.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-summary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-readermode-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-readermode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-restore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-right-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-sidetree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-sort-ascending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-sort-descending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-split-top-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-statistics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-task-child.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-user-offline-kopete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view_left_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/wallet-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/whitebalance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window-maximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window-minimize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window-restore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-clementine-artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/xc_crosshair.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/y-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zone-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zone-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-1-to-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-2-to-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-best.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-height.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-selection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-width.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-in-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-original.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-out-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-out-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/add-files-to-archive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/address-book-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/application-exit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/application-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/appointment-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/browser-download-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/calendar-go-today-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/call-start-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/call-stop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/category-search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/color-select-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/contact-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/dino-double-tick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/dino-tick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-export-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-import-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-open-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-print-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-revert-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-save-as-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-save-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-send-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-copy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-cut-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-delete-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-find-replace-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-find-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-paste-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-select-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-tag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/extract-archive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/fcitx-fullwidth-active-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/fcitx-punc-active-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/fcitx-punc-inactive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/fcitx-vk-active-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/fcitx-vk-inactive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/find-location-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/focus-top-bar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/focus-windows-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/folder-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/font-select-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-ltr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-larger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-remove-formatting-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-smaller-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-bottom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-down-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-home-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-jump-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-jump-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-top-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-up-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/help-info-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/image-crop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/image-denoise-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/image-filter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/image-red-eye-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/image-sharpen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/image-straighten-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/insert-emoticon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/insert-image-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/insert-link-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/insert-object-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/insert-text-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/link-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/list-add-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/list-remove-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/location-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-flag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-forward-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-read-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-unread-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-message-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-all-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-all-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-send-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mark-location-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-eject-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-mount-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-record-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/object-merge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/object-move-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/object-select-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/object-straighten-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/open-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-down-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-up-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pane-hide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pane-show-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/process-stop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/qrscanner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/send-to-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/sidebar-places-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/star-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-hibernate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-log-out-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-restart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-run-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-suspend-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/tab-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/twitter-dm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/twitter-home-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/twitter-mentions-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/twitter-profile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-app-grid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-bottom-pane-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-column-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-compact-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-continuous-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-coverflow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-dual-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-filter-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-filter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-grid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-left-pane-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-list-compact-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-list-images-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-list-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-list-video-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-more-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-paged-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-refresh-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-restore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-right-pane-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-sort-descending-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-top-pane-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/window-close-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/window-maximize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/window-minimize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/window-pop-out-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/xapp-go-history-next-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/xapp-go-history-previous-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/xapp-search-entire-word-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/xapp-search-wrap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/xapp-text-case-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/xapp-use-regex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/zoom-in-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/zoom-original-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/zoom-out-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage01-connecting11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-vpn-connecting14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage01-connecting11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-vpn-connecting14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/0ad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/1cestart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/2048.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/2gis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/3Depict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/4Pane.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/4chan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/4diac-ide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/4kslideshowmaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/4kvideodownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/67F8_NewShortcut1_4E956BBDAB1B4156AEF14A08F107E9D7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/7BD8_halo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/8-ball-pool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/8tracks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/9AD6_Origin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/9gag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeAfterEffect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeAudition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeBridge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeDreamweaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeFlash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeFlashBuilder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeIllustrator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeIndesign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeLightroom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobePhotoshop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobePrelude.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobePremierePro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeReader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeSpeedgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeUpdate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AirPortUtility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AlphaPlot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AndYetItMoves.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AppImageLauncher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Awesomenauts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/CycligentGitTool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/EdenMath.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Encryptr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/JForex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/JavaFXSceneBuilder2.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/KoboDeluxe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/NoMachine-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Nvidiux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/OfficeRunner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Othman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/PomoDoneApp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/PosteRazor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/R.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Rcmdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/RenameMyTVSeries.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Ri-li.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/SpiderOakONE.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/TeXmacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/TeighaViewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/VCVRack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/VVVVVV.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/WMail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/WickrMe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/abgx360gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/abiword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/abricotine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accerciser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessibility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-podcast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-system-cleaner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aceofspades.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/acetoneiso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/acidrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/acorn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/actiona.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/addressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/adobe-air.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/adobe-flashplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/adventure-capitalist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/adventure-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aesop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/agave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/agenda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/airmirror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/airwave-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aisleriot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/akira.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/akonadi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/albert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/albion-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alchemy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alevt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alexandra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alien-arena.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/allen-b1.news.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alltray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/almanah-tags.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alsa-tools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/altyo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alva.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amazon-store.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amazonmp3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ambientnoise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amd-ati.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amnesia-a-machine-for-pigs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amnesia-dark-descent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amsynth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anaconda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anatine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ancestris.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/android.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/angry-birds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anjuta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/antimicro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/any_do.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anydesk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ao-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apachedirectorystudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apk-icon-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/app-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appcode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-archive-zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-default-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-gerris.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-vnd.flatpak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-x-clementine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-x-miamplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-3D.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-aerospace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-apps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-arcade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-architecture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-astronomy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-biology.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-boardgames.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-cardgames.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-education-language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-education-mathematics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-education-science.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-education.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-electronics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-engineering.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-filesharing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-graphics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-haskell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-ide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-interfacedesign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-languages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-laws.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-linguitsics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-lisp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-management.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-maths.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-monodevelopment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-ocaml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-perl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-physics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-robotics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-roleplaying.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-sports.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-versioncontrol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptdaemon-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptdaemon-update-cache.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptdaemon-upgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptik.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptoncd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aquemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/archetype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/archiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/archlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ardour.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arduino.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/areca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/argouml2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ariamaestosa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ark-game.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arkclient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/armagetronad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/armoryicon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arronax.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arteFetcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/artemanufrij.playmymusic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/artemanufrij.webpin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/artha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/asbru-cm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/asc-de.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ascii-design.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aseprite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/askubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/assaultcube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/astah.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/astromenace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atanks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atelier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/athena.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atlauncher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atom-rpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/auale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audacious.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audiobook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/auralquiz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/auryo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/authy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/autocad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/autokey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/avastgui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/avocode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/awf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/awn-window-fallback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/awn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/azuredatastudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/azureus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/babe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/backups-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/badland.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/baka-mplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bandcamp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/banshee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/baobab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bareftp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bbc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bcompare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/beaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/betaflight-configurator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/betaflight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bibletime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/birdfont.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/birdie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bisq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bitcoin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bittorrent-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bitwarden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bitwig-studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blackmagic-Fusion8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bleachbit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blinken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blobby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blockout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluefish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluegriffon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluej.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluejeans.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blueradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/boinc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bomber.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bombono-dvd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bomi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bookmarks-organize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bookworm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/boostnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/boswars.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/botfather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bovo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bpython.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/brackets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/braindump.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/brave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bridge-constructor-portal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/broom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/btsync-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/builder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/burp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/buttercup-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bwfmetaedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bzflag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cacher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cadence.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/caffeine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cairo-dock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/caja.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligrakexi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligrasheets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/camera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cantor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/caprine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/catarina.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cc3d.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cdbaby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cdcat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cdrom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cerebro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cervisia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-arrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-bullet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-currency.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-emoji-activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-emoji-animals.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-emoji-flags.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-emoji-food.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-emoji-objects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-emoji-smileys.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-emoji-symbols.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-emoji-travel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-latin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-picture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/characters-punctuation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/charles-proxy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/charmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cheese.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chinese.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chocolate-doom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/choqok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/christmas-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-aapocclcgogkmnckokdopfmhonfmgoek-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-fljalecfjciodhpcledpamjachpmelml-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-haiffjcadagjlijoggckpgfnoeiflnem-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-knipolnnllmklapflnccelgolnpehhpl-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-okdgofnjkaimfebepijgaoimfphblkpd-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-remote-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-store.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ciano.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cipher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cisco-anyconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/citrix-receiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/civilization5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/civilization6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clamav.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/classicmenu-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clawsker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clementine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clipboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clockify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clonezilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cmake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cmyktool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cockatrice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/codeblocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/coigtri.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/coin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cointop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/color-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/colorgrab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/colorhug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/colour.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.endlessm.HatchPreviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.endlessm.photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.babluboy.nutty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bartzaalberg.alias.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bartzaalberg.lottery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.jmoerman.go-for-it.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.mirkobrombin.bottles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.parnold-x.timer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.unrud.RemoteTouchpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.katawa_shoujo.KatawaShoujo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.krillbite.ThePlan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.lettier.movie-monad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.moddb.TotalChaos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.scoutshonour.Digital.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.scoutshonour.dtipbijays.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.shatteredpixel.shatteredpixeldungeon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/comix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/company-of-heroes-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/compiz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/compton.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/computer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/conky-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/connectagram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/construo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/converseen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/coq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/corebird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/covergloobus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/coypu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/crack-attack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/crashplan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/crawl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cronopete_preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/crossftp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/crossover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/crossstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/crow-translate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/crusader-kings-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-default-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-overview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cumulonimbus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cura-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/curlew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cutegram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cutemarked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cutemaze.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cuttlefish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cuyo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cvpcb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dash-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/datagrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/date-countdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/datovka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/davmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/day-of-the-tentacle-remastered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dayjournal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dbeaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dde-introduction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/de.unifreiburg.ellipticcurve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deadbeef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-boot-maker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-clone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-cloud-scan-configurator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-feedback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-graphics-driver-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-multitasking-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-toggle-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deflemask.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deltachat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deluge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/denemo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-enviroment-mate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-enviroment-xfce.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/devassistant.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deviantart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/diablo-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/diffuse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/digitallyimported.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dino.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/diodon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dirt-rally.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/discord.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/disk-burner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/disk-utility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/display-im6.q16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-pisilinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-void.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dk.tangramgames.mrrescue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dmd-doc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dockstation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/docky.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dods.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dolphin-emu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dont-starve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/doom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/doomseeker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dosbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dota2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dotcover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dotmemory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dotpeek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dottrace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/doublecmd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/downline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/draftsight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dragon-ball-online-global.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/draw.io.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/drgeo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/drive-removable-media.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dropbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/drweb-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dukto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/duplicati.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dvanalyzer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/e-juice-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eagle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ease.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/easyssh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/easystroke.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/echonest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eclipse-jee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eclipse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/edex-ui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/edu.stanford.Almond.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eeschema.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/effects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/electrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/electrum-ltc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/electrum.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/element4l.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/elementary-os.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/elements.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emby-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emoji-activity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emoji-body.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emoji-food.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emoji-nature.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emoji-objects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emoji-travel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/encryptpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/engauge-digitizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/entangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/enter-the-gungeon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/epiphany-game.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/epiphany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/estmob-sendanywhere.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eternallands.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ethereumwallet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/etherwall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/etr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ettercap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eufloria.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eureka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/euro-truck-simulator-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evelauncher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/event-birthday.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evernote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evince.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evnc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evolution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evtest-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/exfalso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/exodus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/exult.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/facebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fedora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/feedindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/feh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fern-wifi-cracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ffado.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ffmulticonverter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/figma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fiji.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/file-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/filebot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/filezilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fillets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/film.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/findfileconflicts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fingerprint-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-mozilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firestorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firewatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fjt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flameshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flareget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flickr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flightgear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flippy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fluxgui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/focuswriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fofix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fontbase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fontforge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/foobillardplus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/football.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/four-in-a-row.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/foursquare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/foxit-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fr.handbrake.ghb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freebsd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freecad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freeciv-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freedroidrpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freemat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freemind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freeorion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freeplane.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freeter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/frescobaldi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/friture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/frogr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/frostwire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/frozen-bubble.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fs-uae-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/full-throttle-remastered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fuse-emulator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fuse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fusion-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gahshomar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gajim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/galternatives.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gambas3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gameboy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gamehub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/games-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gargoyle-house.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/garrysmod.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gbrainy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcompris-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcompris.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcstar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gdevilspie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/geany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/geary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gemini.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gens-gs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gens.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/genymotion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/geogebra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/geomview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gfsview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gftp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ghostwriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gifcurry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/giggle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gimp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/git.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gitahead.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/github.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gitkraken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gitlab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmsh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-boxes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-do.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-hearts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-iagno.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-klotski.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mastermind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-nettool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-nibbles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-pie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-robots.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-samegnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-sudoku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-swell-foop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-tetraves.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-tweak-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnomines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnonograms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnotski.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gns3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnubg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnumeric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnupg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/godot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goland.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/golly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goobox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goodvibesapp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-earth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-keep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-play-music-desktop-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-webdesigner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/googledrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goxel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpodder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpredict-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gprename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grafx2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gramps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/granatier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gravit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gretl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grid-autosport.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grim-fandango-remastered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grisbi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/groove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/groovy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gsconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gshutdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gst-debug-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-recordmydesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-select-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk3-demo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk4-demo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtkhash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtkpod.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtkterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtkwave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtranslator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/guitar-rig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gummi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gwc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gx_head.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gzdoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/haguichi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/half-life.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hammer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hamster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hangout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/harbour-pure-maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/harddisk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/harmony.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hashit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hb-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hedgewars.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/heroesofnewerth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hexalate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hexchat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hipchat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hiri.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hitori.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hmtimer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/homerun.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hotspot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/howl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/httrack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hubstaff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hulu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hw-probe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hydrogen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/iagno.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ib-tws.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-anthy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-bopomofo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-kkc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-pinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icon-requests.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/igdm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ignuit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/im.srain.Srain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/im.vector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/image-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/imageshack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ind.ie.Gnomit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/inkscape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/input-touchpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/insomnia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/instagram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/insurgency.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/insync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intellij.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.OpenToonz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.Pithos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ipython.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/irccloud-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/iron_product_logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/itch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/itmages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jabref.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jamovi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jango.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jdeveloper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jellyfin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jetbrains-toolbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jitsi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jmol-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jokosher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/joplin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/josm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/journey-of-a-roach.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kadu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kaku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kalgebra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-john.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-metasploit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-nasm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-nmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-wireshark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-wpscan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kalzium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kanatest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kapman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/karbon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/karim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/karts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/katomic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kazam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kblocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kbreakout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kbruch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdenlive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdesvn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdiamond.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdiff3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kerbal-space-program.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keurocalc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kexi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keybase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kfloppy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/khangman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kicad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kingsoft-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kingsoft-spreadsheets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kingsoft-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kipi-panorama.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kiten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kleopatra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/klines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/klystrack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmplot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/knetwalk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/koala.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kodi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kolf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kollision.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/komodo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/konversation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/korganizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/korora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kregexpeditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/krename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kronometer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kruler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/krusader_user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kshisen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksirk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksnakeduel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kspaceduel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksquares.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kstars.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksudoku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ktechlab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ktikz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ktuberling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kturtle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kupfer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kvantum.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kvpnc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kwalletmanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kwave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/l4d.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/labplot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/labplot2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/labyrinth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lastpass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/latex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/latexila.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/latte-dock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lazarus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lbry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ldview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/leaf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/leagueoflegends.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lftp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libinput-gestures.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/library.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/librecad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/life-is-strange.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lifeograph.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lightsoff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lighttable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lightwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lightzone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/limbo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/limewire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lingot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linux-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linuxdcpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/liri.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/listen1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/litecoin-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lmms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/login.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/logisim-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/logview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lollypop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lookit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ltris.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/luakit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lucidchart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/luckyBackup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lugaru.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lynx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lyricfier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lyrics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lyx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/magnatune.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/magnifying-glass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mahzhong.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mail-message-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mail.ru-cloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/makehuman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/manaplus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/manjaro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/marker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/marknoto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/marktext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/masterpdfeditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-eiciel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-invest-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-invest-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-drawer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mathematica.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/matlab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/matrique.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mattermost.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/maxima.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/maxthon-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mcomix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/media-player-banshee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mediaconch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/medit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mega.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/megabasterd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/megaglest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/meld.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mendeleydesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/meow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/metronome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/microphone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/microscope.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/milkytracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minecraft.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minetest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintbackup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintwelcome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minuet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mirage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/miro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mixcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mixxx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mkvmergeGUI.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mnemosyne.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/modem-manager-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mono-runtime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/monodevelop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/moonlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/morpheus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/moserial.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/movmetaedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mpc-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ms-excel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ms-office.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ms-onenote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ms-outlook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ms-powerpoint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ms-skype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ms-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mstdn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mtpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mtvmusic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mullvad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multimc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multimedia-photo-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multisystem-vbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mumble.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mupen64plus-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/museeks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/museeq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/myspace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mysql-workbench.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nasc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/natron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/navalbattle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/navicat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nemiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nepomuk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nerolinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.bartkessels.getit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sf.VICE.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.Teo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/netbeans.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/netease-cloud-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/netflix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/netsurf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/neverball.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/newbreeze.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nextcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nexuiz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nfoview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nheko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nicotine-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nimbus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nino.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nitrogen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nitroshare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/noiz2sa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nomacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/non-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nootka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nos-tv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notepad-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notepad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/novprog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/npm-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nsight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nteract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nulloy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/numptyphysics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvidia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvvp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nz.scuttlebutt.Patchwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/obs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ocaml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ocsstore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/octave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/octopi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/odysseus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/onvifviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oomox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openarena.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openbazaar2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openbve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openclonk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openmw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openra-cnc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openra-ra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openrct2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openscad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openspades.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/opensuse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openttd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/opera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/orca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.freedesktop.Bustle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gabmus.hydrapaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Evince.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.PowerStats.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.bijiben.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.olivevideoeditor.Olive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/otter-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/outlast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/owncloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pac.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/paint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pairs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/palemoon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/paraview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/partitions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pavucontrol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/payday2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcbnew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcoket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcsxr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pdfchain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pdfsam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/peazip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/peek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/peerunity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/peg-e.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pencil.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pencil2d.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/performous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/persepolis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/peruse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pgadmin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pgmodeler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/phatch-inspector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/phatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/phone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/phoronix-test-suite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/php.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/phpmyadmin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/phpstorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pia-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pianoteq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/picmi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pillars-of-eternity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pinegrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pingus-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/piper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/planetary-annihilation-titans.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plasma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/playitslowly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/playonlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plexhometheater.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pocket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/poezio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pokerth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/polly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/polo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/popcorn-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/portal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/postman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/power.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ppa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ppsspp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/praat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pragha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/prboom-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-autocompletion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-certificates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-composer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-emoticons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-online-accounts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-management-service.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-brightness-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-devices.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-parental-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-splash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-web-browser-adblock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-web-browser-cookies.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-web-browser-ssl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-web-browser-stylesheets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/prepos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/principles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/prjm16-transparent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/product_icon_32bpp-128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/programming.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/proofgeneral.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/protege.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/protonmail-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/psi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/psnotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pulseaudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pulseeffects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pumpa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pushbullet-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pushy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pwned-checker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pycharm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pycharmedu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pymol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pyrenamer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pyzologo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qalculate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qelectrotech.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qgis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qrcode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qsampler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qsynth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtpass-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtractor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quadrapassel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quake2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quake3-team-arena.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quassel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quaternion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quickdocs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quimup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quodlibet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qutebrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qutim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/racket-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/radio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/radiotunes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rakarrack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rambox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rapid-photo-downloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rapidsvn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/raven-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/razercommander.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rclone-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rdm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/reactotron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/recipes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/reddit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redeclipse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/reditr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redream.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redshift.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/regextester.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/regina.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rekonq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/remarkable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/remmina.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rescuetime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/resharper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/resharpercpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/residualvm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/resizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/resolve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/retroarch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/retropie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/revolt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rhythmbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rider.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/riot-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rkward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/robocraft.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rochard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rocket-league.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rocketchat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rockradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rocs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/root.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rosegarden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rrootage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ruby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rubymine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/runescape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rygel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sabnzbdplus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/safeeyes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sage-notebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sakura-dungeon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/samba.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sanctum-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sauerbraten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scilab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scinotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scissors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scout-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/screencloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scribus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scummvm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/seafile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/security-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/security-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/security-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/selene.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/selinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/semaphor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/semi-starred-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/semi-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sequeler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/shadowsocks-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/shield.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/shop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/shotwell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/showtime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/shutdownscheduler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/shutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sideka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sigil.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/signal-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/simplescreenrecorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/singular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sirikali.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/skydrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/skype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/slack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/slade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/slic3r.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/slideshow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/slimjet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/slingscold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/slingshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smartphoneconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smartsynchronize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/snappea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/snes9x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/soapui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/solaar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/solfege.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/somafm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/songkick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sonic-visualiser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sopcast-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/soulseek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/soundcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/soundwire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/space.fips.Fips.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spacefm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spacemacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spaceview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sparkleshare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spec-ops-the-line.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spectral.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/speed-dreams.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/speedcrunch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spflashtool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spideroak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sportstracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spotify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/squeak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/st.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stardew-valley.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/statalogo_14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steadyflow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steamvr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/step.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stepmania-ssc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_xfburn-audio-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stremio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stride.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stuntrally.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sublime-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/subsonic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/subsurface-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/subtitleeditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sunflower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/superkaramba.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/supermeatboy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sweeper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sweethome3d-furniture-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sweethome3d-textures-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sweethome3d.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/swell-foop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/synapse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/syncthing-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/synfig_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/synology-cloud-station-drive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/syntevo-smartgit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/synthesia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/syspeek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-samba.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-lock-screen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-log-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-reboot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-shutdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-software-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-software-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-suspend-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-switch-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system_section.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tablet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tagainijisho.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/taisei.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tali.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tamtam-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tanglet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/taxi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/team-fortress2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/teamcity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/teamspeak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/teamviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/teeworlds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tegaki-recognize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/telegram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/teleport.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/television.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/teravex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/terminus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/terraria.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/teslagrad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tetzle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/the-cave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/the-talos-principle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/the-witcher-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thimbleweed-park.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thinkorswim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thunar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tigervnc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tiled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tiling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tilix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tilp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/timeshift.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tixati.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/toby-the-secret-mine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/todoist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/toki-tori.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tomahawk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tomato.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tootle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/torchlight-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/torrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/torrential.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/total-war.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trackma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tranqil.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/translator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/translit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transmission.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trelby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trello.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tremulous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tresorit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trillian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trinity-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trojita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trophy-gold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tuxguitar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tuxmath.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tuxtype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/twinkle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/twitch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/twitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/twupic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/type-rider.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/typecatcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/typora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntu-mate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntudash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntuone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ue4editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ufraw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/uget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ulauncher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/umbrello.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/umlet_logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ums.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unison.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-color-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-editor-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-sound-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unknown-horizons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unturned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/update-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/upload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/upsource.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/upwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/urbanterror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/urmsimulator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/usb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vacuum.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vala.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vdrift.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vectr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/veracrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/viber.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/victor-vran.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/video-alt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/video-card.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vifm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/virt-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/virtualbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/visual-paradigm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vivado_logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vivaldi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vkaudiosaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vlc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmpk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmware-netcfg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmware-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmware-workstation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vncviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/voice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vprerex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vscodium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vym.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wallch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wallpaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wallpapoz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wammer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wargus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/warmux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/watercolour.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/waterfox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wavebox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/waves-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wayland.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/web-deviantart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webcam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webpin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webplotdigitizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webstorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webtorrent-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webwatcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wechat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wesnoth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/whatsapp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/widelands.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wifi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wikipedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/winff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wingpanel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wings3d.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wireshark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wiznote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wolfenstein.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wordpress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/workflowy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/workrave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/workspace-switcher-right-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/workspace-switcher-right-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/workspace-switcher-top-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/workspace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/world-of-tanks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/worms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wps-office-etmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wps-office-wpsmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wunderlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xampp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xbmc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xcas.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xchat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xdman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-sensors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-eyes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-systray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-taskbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xhydra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xkcd-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xmind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xmoto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xneur.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xnoise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xnview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xonotic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xoscope.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xournal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yahoo-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yakyak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yandex-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yandex-disk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yaourtgui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yin-yang.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/youtrack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/youtube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yubikey-neo-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yuzu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zandronum.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zanshin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zeal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zegrapher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zenkit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zevdocs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zotero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zulip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zuluCrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zuluMount.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zynaddsubfx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/0ad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/1cestart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/2048-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/2gis-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/3Depict-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/4Pane-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/4chan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/4diac-ide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/4kslideshowmaker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/4kvideodownloader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/67F8_NewShortcut1_4E956BBDAB1B4156AEF14A08F107E9D7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/7BD8_halo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/8-ball-pool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/8tracks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/9AD6_Origin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/9gag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeAfterEffect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeAudition-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeBridge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeDreamweaver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeFlash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeFlashBuilder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeIllustrator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeIndesign-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeLightroom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobePhotoshop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobePrelude-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobePremierePro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeReader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeSpeedgrade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeUpdate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AirPortUtility-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AlphaPlot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AndYetItMoves-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AppImageLauncher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Awesomenauts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/CycligentGitTool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/EdenMath-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Encryptr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/JForex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/JavaFXSceneBuilder2.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/KoboDeluxe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/NoMachine-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Nvidiux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/OfficeRunner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Othman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/PomoDoneApp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/PosteRazor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/R-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Rcmdr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/RenameMyTVSeries-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Ri-li-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/SpiderOakONE-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/TeXmacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/TeighaViewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/VCVRack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/VVVVVV-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/WMail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/WickrMe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Zoom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/abgx360gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/abiword-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/abricotine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accerciser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessibility-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-podcast-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-system-cleaner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aceofspades-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/acetoneiso-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/acidrip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/acorn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/actiona-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/addressbook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/adobe-air-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/adobe-flashplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/adventure-capitalist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/adventure-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aesop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/agave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/agenda-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/airmirror-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/airwave-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aisleriot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/akonadi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/albert-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/albion-online-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alchemy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alevt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alexandra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alien-arena-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/allen-b1.news-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alltray-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/almanah-tags-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alsa-tools-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/altyo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alva-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amarok-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amazon-store-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amazonmp3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amd-ati-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amnesia-a-machine-for-pigs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amnesia-dark-descent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amsynth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amule-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anaconda-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anatine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ancestris-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/android-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/angry-birds-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anjuta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anki-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/antimicro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/any_do-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anydesk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ao-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apk-icon-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/app-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appcode-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-archive-zip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-default-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-gerris-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-vnd.flatpak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-x-clementine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-x-miamplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-3D-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-aerospace-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-apps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-arcade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-architecture-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-astronomy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-biology-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-boardgames-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-cardgames-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-community-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-education-language-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-education-mathematics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-education-science-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-education-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-electronics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-engineering-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-filesharing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-games-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-graphics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-haskell-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-history-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-ide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-interfacedesign-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-languages-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-laws-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-linguitsics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-lisp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-management-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-maths-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-monodevelopment-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-ocaml-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-perl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-physics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-robotics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-roleplaying-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-sports-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-versioncontrol-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptdaemon-download-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptdaemon-update-cache-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptdaemon-upgrade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptik-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptoncd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aquemu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/archetype-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/archiver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/archlinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ardour-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arduino-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/areca-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/argouml2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ariamaestosa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ark-game-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arkclient-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/armagetronad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/armoryicon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arronax-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arteFetcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/artemanufrij.playmymusic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/artemanufrij.webpin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/artha-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/as-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/asbru-cm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/asc-de-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ascii-design-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ase-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aseprite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/askubuntu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/assaultcube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/astah-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/astromenace-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atanks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atelier-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/athena-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atlauncher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atom-rpg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/auale-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audacious-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audiobook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/auralquiz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/auryo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/authy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/autocad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/autokey-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/avastgui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/avocode-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/awf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/awn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/awn-window-fallback-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/azuredatastudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/azureus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/babe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/backups-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/badland-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/baka-mplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bandcamp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/banshee-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/baobab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bareftp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bbc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bcompare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/beaker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/betaflight-configurator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/betaflight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bibletime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/birdfont-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/birdie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bisq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bitcoin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bittorrent-sync-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bitwarden-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bitwig-studio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blackmagic-Fusion8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bleachbit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blender-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blinken-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blobby-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blockout-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluefish-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluegriffon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluej-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluejeans-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blueradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluetooth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/boinc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bomber-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bombono-dvd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bomi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/book-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bookmarks-organize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bookworm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/boostnote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/boswars-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/botfather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bovo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/box-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bpython-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/brackets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/braindump-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/brave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bridge-constructor-portal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/broom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/btsync-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bug-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/builder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/burp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/buttercup-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bwfmetaedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bzflag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ca.desrt.dconf-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cadence-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/caffeine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cairo-dock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/caja-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligrakexi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligrasheets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/camera-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cantor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/caprine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/catarina-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cc3d-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cdbaby-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cdcat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cdrom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cerebro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cervisia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-arrow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-bullet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-currency-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-emoji-activities-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-emoji-animals-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-emoji-flags-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-emoji-food-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-emoji-objects-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-emoji-smileys-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-emoji-symbols-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-emoji-travel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-latin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-picture-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/characters-punctuation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/charles-proxy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/charmap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cheese-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chinese-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chocolate-doom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/choqok-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/christmas-tree-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-aapocclcgogkmnckokdopfmhonfmgoek-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-fljalecfjciodhpcledpamjachpmelml-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-haiffjcadagjlijoggckpgfnoeiflnem-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-knipolnnllmklapflnccelgolnpehhpl-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-okdgofnjkaimfebepijgaoimfphblkpd-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-remote-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-store-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ciano-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cipher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cisco-anyconnect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/citrix-receiver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/civilization5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/civilization6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clamav-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/classicmenu-indicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clawsker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clementine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clion-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clipboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clonezilla-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cmake-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cmyktool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cockatrice-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/code-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/codeblocks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/coin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cointop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/color-picker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/colorgrab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/colorhug-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/colour-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.endlessm.HatchPreviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.endlessm.photos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.babluboy.nutty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bartzaalberg.alias-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bartzaalberg.lottery-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.jmoerman.go-for-it-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.mirkobrombin.bottles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.parnold-x.timer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.unrud.RemoteTouchpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.katawa_shoujo.KatawaShoujo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.krillbite.ThePlan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.lettier.movie-monad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.moddb.TotalChaos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.scoutshonour.Digital-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.scoutshonour.dtipbijays-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.shatteredpixel.shatteredpixeldungeon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/comix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/company-of-heroes-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/compiz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/compton-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/computer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/conky-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/connectagram-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/construo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/converseen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/coq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/corebird-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/covergloobus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/coypu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/crack-attack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/crashplan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/crawl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cronopete_preferences-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/crossftp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/crossover-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/crossstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/crow-translate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/crusader-kings-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-default-applications-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-overview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cumulonimbus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cura-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/curlew-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cutegram-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cutemarked-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cutemaze-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cutter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cuttlefish-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cvpcb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dash-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/database-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/datagrip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/date-countdown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/datovka-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/davmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/day-of-the-tentacle-remastered-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dayjournal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dbeaver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dde-introduction-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/de.unifreiburg.ellipticcurve-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deadbeef-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/debian-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-boot-maker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-clone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-cloud-scan-configurator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-feedback-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-graphics-driver-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-multitasking-view-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-toggle-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deflemask-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deltachat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deluge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/denemo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-enviroment-mate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-enviroment-xfce-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desura-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/devassistant-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deviantart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/diablo-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dictionary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/diffuse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/digitallyimported-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dino-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/diodon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dirt-rally-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/discord-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/disk-burner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/disk-utility-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/display-im6.q16-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-pisilinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dk.tangramgames.mrrescue-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dmd-doc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dockstation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/docky-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/document-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dods-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dolphin-emu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dont-starve-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/doom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/doomseeker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dosbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dota2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dotcover-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dotmemory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dotpeek-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dottrace-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/doublecmd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/downline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/download-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/draftsight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dragon-ball-online-global-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/draw.io-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/drgeo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dropbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/drweb-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dukto-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/duplicati-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dvanalyzer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eagle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ease-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/easyssh-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/easystroke-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ebook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/echonest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eclipse-jee-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eclipse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/edex-ui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/edu.stanford.Almond-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eeschema-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/effects-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/electrip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/electrum-ltc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/electrum-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/element4l-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/elementary-os-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/elements-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emoji-activity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emoji-body-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emoji-food-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emoji-nature-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emoji-objects-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emoji-travel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emule-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/encryptpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/engauge-digitizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/entangle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/enter-the-gungeon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/epiphany-game-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/epiphany-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/estmob-sendanywhere-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eternallands-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ethereumwallet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/etherwall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/etr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ettercap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eufloria-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eureka-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/euro-truck-simulator-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evelauncher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/event-birthday-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evernote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evince-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evnc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evolution-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evtest-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/exfalso-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/exodus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/exult-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/facebook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fedora-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/feedindicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/feh-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fern-wifi-cracker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ffado-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ffmulticonverter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/figma-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fiji-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/file-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/filebot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/filezilla-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fillets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/film-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/findfileconflicts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fingerprint-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-mozilla-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firestorm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firewatch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fjt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flameshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flareget-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flickr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flightgear-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flippy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fluxgui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/focuswriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fofix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/font-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fontbase-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fontforge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/foobillardplus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/football-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/four-in-a-row-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/foursquare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/foxit-reader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fr.handbrake.ghb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freebsd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freecad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freeciv-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freedroidrpg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freemat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freemind-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freeorion-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freeplane-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/frescobaldi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/friture-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/frogr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/frostwire-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/frozen-bubble-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fs-uae-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/full-throttle-remastered-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fuse-emulator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fuse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fusion-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gahshomar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gajim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/galternatives-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gambas3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gameboy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/games-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gargoyle-house-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/garrysmod-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gbrainy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcompris-edit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcompris-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcstar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gdevilspie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/geany-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gear-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/geary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gemini-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gens-gs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gens-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/genymotion-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/geogebra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/geomview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gfsview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gftp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ghostwriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gifcurry-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/giggle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gimp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/git-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gitahead-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/github-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gitkraken-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gitlab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gitter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmsh-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-boxes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-do-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-hearts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-iagno-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-klotski-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mastermind-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mines-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-nettool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-nibbles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-robots-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-samegnome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-sudoku-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-swell-foop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-tetraves-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnomines-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnonograms-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnotski-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gns3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnumeric-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnupg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/godot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goland-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/golly-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goobox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goodvibesapp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-earth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-keep-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-photos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-play-music-desktop-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-webdesigner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/googledrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goxel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpodder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpredict-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gprename-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grafx2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gramps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/granatier-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gravit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gretl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grid-autosport-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grim-fandango-remastered-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grisbi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/groove-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/groovy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gsconnect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gshutdown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gst-debug-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-recordmydesktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-select-color-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk3-demo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk4-demo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtkhash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtkpod-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtkterm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtkwave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtranslator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/guitar-rig-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gummi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gwc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gx_head-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gzdoom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/haguichi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/half-life-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hammer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hamster-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hangout-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/harbour-pure-maps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/harddisk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/harmony-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hashit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hb-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hedgewars-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/heroesofnewerth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hexalate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hexchat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hipchat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hiri-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hitori-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/homerun-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hotspot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/howl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/httrack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hub-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hubstaff-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hulu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hw-probe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hydrogen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/iagno-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ib-tws-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-anthy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-bopomofo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-kkc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-pinyin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ice-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icon-requests-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icons-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/igdm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ignuit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/im.srain.Srain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/im.vector-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/image-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/image-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/imageshack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ind.ie.Gnomit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/info-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/inkscape-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/insomnia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/instagram-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/insurgency-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/insync-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intellij-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.OpenToonz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.Pithos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ipython-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/irccloud-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/iron_product_logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/itch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/itmages-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jabref-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jamovi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jango-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/java-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jdeveloper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jetbrains-toolbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jitsi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jmol-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jokosher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/joplin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/josm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/journey-of-a-roach-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kadu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kaku-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kalgebra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-john-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-linux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-metasploit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-nasm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-nmap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-wireshark-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-wpscan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kalzium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kanatest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kapman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/karbon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/karim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/karts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/katomic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kazam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kblocks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kbreakout-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kbruch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdenlive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdesvn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdiamond-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdiff3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kerbal-space-program-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keurocalc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kexi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keybase-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kfloppy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/khangman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kicad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kig-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kingsoft-presentation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kingsoft-spreadsheets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kingsoft-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kipi-panorama-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kiten-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kleopatra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/klines-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/klystrack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmplot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/knetwalk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/koala-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kodi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kolf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kollision-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/komodo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/konversation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/korganizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/korora-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/krename-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kronometer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kruler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/krusader_user-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kshisen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksirk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksnakeduel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kspaceduel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksquares-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kstars-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksudoku-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ktikz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ktuberling-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kturtle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kupfer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kvantum-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kvpnc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kwalletmanager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kwave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/l4d-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/labplot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/labplot2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/labyrinth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/language-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lastpass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/latex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/latexila-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/latte-dock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lazarus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lbry-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ldview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/leaf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/leagueoflegends-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lftp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libinput-gestures-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/library-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/librecad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/life-is-strange-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lifeograph-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lightsoff-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lighttable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lightwork-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lightzone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/limbo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/limewire-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linconnect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linux-mint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linuxdcpp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/liri-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/listen1-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/litecoin-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lmms-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/login-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/logisim-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/logview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lollypop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lookit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ltris-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/luakit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lubuntu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lucidchart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/luckyBackup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lugaru-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lynx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lyricfier-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lyrics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lyx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/magnatune-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/magnifying-glass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mahzhong-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mail-message-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mail.ru-cloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/makehuman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mame-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/manaplus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/manjaro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/maps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/marker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/marknoto-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/marktext-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/masterpdfeditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-eiciel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-invest-applet-symbolic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-invest-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-drawer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-separator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mathematica-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/matlab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/matrique-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mattermost-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/maxima-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/maxthon-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mcomix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/media-player-banshee-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mediaconch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/medit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mega-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/megabasterd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/megaglest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/meld-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mendeleydesktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/meow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/metronome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/microphone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/microscope-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/milkytracker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minecraft-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minetest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintbackup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintwelcome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minuet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mirage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/miro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mixcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mixxx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mkvmergeGUI-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mnemosyne-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/modem-manager-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mog-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mono-runtime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/monodevelop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/moonlight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/morpheus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/moserial-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/movmetaedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mpc-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ms-excel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ms-office-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ms-onenote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ms-outlook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ms-powerpoint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ms-skype-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ms-word-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mstdn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mtpaint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mtvmusic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mullvad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multimc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multimedia-photo-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multisystem-vbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mumble-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mupen64plus-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/museeks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/museeq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/myspace-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mysql-workbench-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nasc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/natron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/navalbattle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/navicat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nemiver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nepomuk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nerolinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.bartkessels.getit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sf.VICE-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.Teo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/netbeans-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/netease-cloud-music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/netflix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/netsurf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/neverball-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/newbreeze-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nextcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nexuiz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nfoview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nheko-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nicotine-plus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/night-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nimbus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nino-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nitrogen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nitroshare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/noiz2sa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nomacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/non-starred-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nootka-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nos-tv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notepad-plus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notepad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notification-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/novprog-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/npm-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nsight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nteract-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nulloy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/numptyphysics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvidia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvvp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nz.scuttlebutt.Patchwork-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/obs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ocaml-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ocsstore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/octave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/octopi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/odysseus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/onvifviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oomox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openarena-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openbazaar2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openbve-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openclonk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openmw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openra-cnc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openra-ra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openrct2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openscad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openspades-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/opensuse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openttd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/opera-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/orca-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.freedesktop.Bustle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gabmus.hydrapaper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Evince-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.PowerStats-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Todo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.bijiben-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.olivevideoeditor.Olive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/otter-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/outlast-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/owncloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pac-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/package-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/paint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pairs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/palemoon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/paraview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/partitions-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/password-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pavucontrol-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/payday2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcbnew-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcoket-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcsxr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pdfchain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pdfsam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/peazip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/peek-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/peerunity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/peg-e-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pencil-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pencil2d-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/performous-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/persepolis-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/peruse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pgadmin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pgmodeler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/phatch-inspector-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/phatch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/phone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/phoronix-test-suite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/photo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/php-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/phpmyadmin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/phpstorm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pia-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pianoteq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/picmi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pillars-of-eternity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pinegrow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pingus-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/piper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/planetary-annihilation-titans-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plasma-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/playitslowly-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/playonlinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plexhometheater-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pocket-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/poezio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pokerth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/polly-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/polo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/popcorn-time-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/portal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/postman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/power-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ppa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ppsspp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/praat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pragha-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/prboom-plus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-autocompletion-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-certificates-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-composer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-emoticons-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-filetype-association-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-online-accounts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-peripherals-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-management-service-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-other-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-brightness-lock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-directory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-parental-control-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-splash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-windows-actions-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-web-browser-adblock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-web-browser-cache-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-web-browser-cookies-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-web-browser-identification-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-web-browser-ssl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-web-browser-stylesheets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/prepos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/principles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/printer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/prjm16-transparent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/product_icon_32bpp-128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/programming-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/proofgeneral-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/protege-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/protonmail-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/psi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/psnotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pulseaudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pulseeffects-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pumpa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pushbullet-indicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pushy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pwned-checker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pycharm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pycharmedu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pymol-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pyrenamer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pyzologo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qalculate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qelectrotech-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qemu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qgis-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qrcode-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qsampler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qsynth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtpass-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtractor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quadrapassel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quake-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quake2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quake3-team-arena-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quassel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quaternion-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quickdocs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quimup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quodlibet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qutebrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qutim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/racket-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/radio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/radiotunes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rakarrack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rambox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rapid-photo-downloader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rapidsvn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/raven-reader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/razercommander-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rclone-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rdm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/reactotron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/recipes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/reddit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redeclipse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/reditr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redream-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redshift-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/regextester-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/regina-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rekonq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/remarkable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/remmina-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rescuetime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/resharper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/resharpercpp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/residualvm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/resizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/resolve-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/retroarch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/retropie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/revolt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rhythmbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rider-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/riot-web-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rkward-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rochard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rocket-league-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rocketchat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rockradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rocs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/root-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rosegarden-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rrootage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rss-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ruby-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rubymine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/runescape-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rust-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rygel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sabnzbdplus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/safeeyes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sage-notebook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sakura-dungeon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/samba-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sanctum-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sauerbraten-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scanner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scilab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scinotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scissors-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scout-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/screencloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/screenshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scribus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scummvm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/seafile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/security-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/security-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/security-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/selene-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/selinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/semaphor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/semi-starred-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sequeler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/shadowsocks-qt5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/share-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/shield-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/shop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/shotwell-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/showtime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/shutdownscheduler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/shutter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sideka-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sigil-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/signal-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/simplescreenrecorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/singular-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sirikali-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/skydrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/skype-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/slack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/slade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/slic3r-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/slideshow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/slimjet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/slingscold-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/slingshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smartphoneconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smartsynchronize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smilla-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/snappea-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/snes9x-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/soapui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/solaar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/solfege-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/somafm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/songkick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sonic-visualiser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sopcast-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/soulseek-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/soundcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/soundwire-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/space.fips.Fips-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spacefm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spacemacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spaceview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sparkleshare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spectral-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/speed-dreams-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/speedcrunch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spflashtool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spideroak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sportstracker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spotify-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/squeak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/st-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/star-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stardew-valley-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/starred-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/statalogo_14-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steadyflow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steamvr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/step-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stepmania-ssc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_xfburn-audio-copy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stremio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stride-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stuntrally-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sublime-text-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/subsonic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/subsurface-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/subtitleeditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sunflower-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/superkaramba-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/supermeatboy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sweeper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sweethome3d-furniture-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sweethome3d-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sweethome3d-textures-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/swell-foop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/synapse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/syncthing-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/synfig_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/synology-cloud-station-drive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/syntevo-smartgit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/synthesia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/syspeek-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-samba-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-log-out-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-reboot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-run-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-software-install-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-software-update-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-suspend-hibernate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-suspend-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-switch-user-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system_section-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tablet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tagainijisho-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/taisei-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tali-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tamtam-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tanglet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/taxi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/team-fortress2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/teamcity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/teamspeak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/teamviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/teeworlds-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tegaki-recognize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/telegram-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/teleport-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/television-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/teravex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/terminus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/terraria-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/teslagrad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tetzle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/the-cave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/the-talos-principle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/the-witcher-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thimbleweed-park-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thinkorswim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thunar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tigervnc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tiled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tiling-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tilix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tilp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/timeshift-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tixati-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/toby-the-secret-mine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/todoist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/toki-tori-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tomahawk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tomato-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tootle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/torchlight-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/torrent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/torrential-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/total-war-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trackma-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tranqil-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/translator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/translit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transmission-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trelby-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trello-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tremulous-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tresorit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trillian-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trimage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trinity-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trojita-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trophy-gold-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tuxguitar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tuxmath-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tuxtype-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/twinkle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/twitch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/twitter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/twupic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/type-rider-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/typecatcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/typora-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntu-mate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntudash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntuone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ue4editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ufraw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/uget-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ulauncher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/umbrello-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/umlet_logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ums-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-color-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-editor-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-sound-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unknown-horizons-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unturned-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/update-notifier-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/update-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/upload-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/upsource-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/upwork-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/urbanterror-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/urmsimulator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/usb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/user-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utorrent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vacuum-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vala-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vdrift-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vectr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/veracrypt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/viber-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/victor-vran-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/video-alt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/video-card-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vifm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/virt-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/virtualbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/visual-paradigm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vivado_logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vivaldi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vkaudiosaver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vlc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmpk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmware-netcfg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmware-view-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmware-workstation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vncviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vnote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/voice-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vpn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vprerex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vscodium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vym-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wallch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wallpaper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wallpapoz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wammer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wargus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/warmux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/watercolour-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/waterfox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wavebox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/waves-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wayland-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/weather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/web-deviantart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webby-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webcam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webpin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webplotdigitizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webstorm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webtorrent-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webwatcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wechat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wesnoth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/whatsapp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/widelands-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wifi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wikipedia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/windows-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/winff-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wingpanel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wings3d-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wire-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wireshark-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wiznote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wolfenstein-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wordpress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/workflowy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/workrave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/workspace-switcher-right-bottom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/workspace-switcher-right-top-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/workspace-switcher-top-left-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/workspace-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/world-of-tanks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/worms-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wps-office-etmain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wps-office-wpsmain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wunderlist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xampp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xbmc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xcas-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xchat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xdman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-sensors-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-eyes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-systray-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-taskbar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfig-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xhydra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xkcd-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xmind-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xmoto-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xneur-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xnoise-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xnview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xonotic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xoscope-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xournal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yahoo-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yakyak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yandex-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yandex-disk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yaourtgui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yin-yang-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/youtrack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/youtube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yubikey-neo-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yuzu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zandronum-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zanshin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zeal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zegrapher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zenkit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zevdocs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zotero-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zulip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zuluCrypt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zuluMount-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zynaddsubfx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/audio-card.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/audio-headphones.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/audio-headset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/audio-input-microphone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/audio-speakers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/battery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/camera-photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/camera-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/computer-laptop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/computer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/cpu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk-usb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-multidisk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-optical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-removable-media.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/input-dialpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/input-gaming.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/input-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/input-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/input-tablet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/input-touchpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-flash-memory-stick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-flash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-floppy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-memory-sd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-bd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-cd-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-dvd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-removable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-tape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/multimedia-player-ipod-standard-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/multimedia-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/network-card.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/network-modem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/network-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/network-vpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/network-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/network-wireless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/pda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/phone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/printer-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/scanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/smartphone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/tablet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/thunderbolt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/uninterruptible-power-supply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/video-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/video-television.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/wiimotedev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-card-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-headphones-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-headset-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-speakers-bluetooth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/battery-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/bluetooth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/camera-photo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/camera-video-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/camera-web-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/computer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-optical-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-removable-media-usb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/input-gaming-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/input-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/input-tablet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-flash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-floppy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-memory-sd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-removable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-tape-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-zip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-ipod-standard-color-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/phone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/printer-network-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/printer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/smartphone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/system-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/tablet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/thunderbolt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/video-display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-downloads.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-favorite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-mounted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-readonly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-symbolic-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-synchronizing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-unmounted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-unreadable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/vcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/vcs-conflicting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/vcs-locally-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/vcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/vcs-removed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/vcs-update-required.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-downloads.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-favorite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-readonly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-symbolic-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-synchronizing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-unreadable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/vcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/vcs-conflicting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/vcs-locally-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/vcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/vcs-removed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/vcs-update-required.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-downloads.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-favorite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-readonly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-symbolic-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-synchronizing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-unreadable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/vcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/vcs-conflicting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/vcs-locally-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/vcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/vcs-removed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/vcs-update-required.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-downloads.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-favorite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-readonly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-symbolic-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-synchronizing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-unreadable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/vcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/vcs-conflicting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/vcs-locally-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/vcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/vcs-removed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/vcs-update-required.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-downloads.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-favorite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-readonly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-symbolic-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-synchronizing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-unreadable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/vcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/vcs-conflicting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/vcs-locally-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/vcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/vcs-removed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/vcs-update-required.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-important-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-system-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-angel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-angry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-confused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-cool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-crying.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-devilish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-embarrassed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-glasses.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-hat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-heart-broken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-heart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-kiss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-laugh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-monkey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-plain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-raspberry-wink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-raspberry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-sad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-shutmouth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-sick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-smile-big-squint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-smile-big.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-smile-crying.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-smile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-smirk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-surprise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-tired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-uncertain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-wink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-worried.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-yawn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/emote-love-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-angel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-angry-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-confused-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-cool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-crying-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-devilish-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-embarrassed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-glasses-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-hat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-kiss-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-laugh-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-monkey-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-plain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-raspberry-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-sad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-shutmouth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-sick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-smile-big-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-smile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-smirk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-surprise-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-tired-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-uncertain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-wink-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-worried-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/symbolic/face-yawn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/index.theme termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-al.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-am.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-ao.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-ar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-at.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-be.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-bgsvg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-ca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-cn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-es.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64/flag-pe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-ascii.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-certificate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-epub+zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-flash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-illustrator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-images.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-json.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-mathematica.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-mbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-msaccess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-msexcel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-mspowerpoint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-photoshop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-postscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-ram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-rss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-script-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-torrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-typescript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.coffeescript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.flatpak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.geogebra.file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.microsoft.portable-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.snap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.tcpdump.pcap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-amiga-disk-format.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-blender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cd-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gambas3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gcstar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-glade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gnucash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gramps-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ipynb+json.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-krita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lyx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mono-develop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mswinurl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-navi-animation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-openteacher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-osm+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-perl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-php.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-python-bytecode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-scilab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-scribus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sharedlib.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-subrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-typescript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/encrypted-key.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gdform.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gdlink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gdnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gdscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gdtable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-audacity-project.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-x-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.adobe.illustrator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-xcf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/inode-symlink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-extension.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-css.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-html.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-less.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-rust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-arduino.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-c++.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-c++hdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-c.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-changelog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-chdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-copying.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-crystal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-csharp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-dsrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-emacs-lisp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-fortran.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-go.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-gtkrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-haskell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-haxe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-iptables.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-lua.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-meson.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-nim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-ocaml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-octave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-pascal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-python.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-qml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-r.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-readme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-ruby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-sass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-scala.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-script.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-sql.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-tcl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-tex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-typescript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-vala.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-vcard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-doc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-ppt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-xls.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-package-repository.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/QMPlay2-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/account-logged-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/airplane-mode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/akonaditray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/anatine-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/anatine-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ao-app-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/application-running.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/applications-email-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/artha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audacious-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/autokey-status-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/autokey-status.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/avatar-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/banshee-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-caution-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-empty-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-full-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-good-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-low-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-medium-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bitcoin-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bitwarden-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bluetooth-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bluetooth-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bluetooth-paired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bomi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bumblebee-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/caffeine-cup-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/caffeine-cup-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/calibre-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/camera-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/camera-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/camera-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cantata-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/caps-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/caps-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cisco-tray-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/classicmenu-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/clementine-panel-grey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/clementine-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/clipboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cloudstatus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/copyq-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/copyq-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/crow-translate-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cryptfolder-open-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cryptkeeper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/deadbeef-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/deluge-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/desktopdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/desktoptrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dialog-password-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dino-status-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dino-status-chat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dino-status-dnd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dino-status-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/discord-tray-deafened.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/discord-tray-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/discord-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/disper-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dropboxstatus-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dropboxstatus-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dropboxstatus-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dropboxstatus-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/dropboxstatus-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/everpad-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/exaile-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/exaile-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/face-smile-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-rime-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-skk-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/feedindicator-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/feedindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/firewall-applet-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/firewall-applet-panic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/firewall-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/flameshot-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/flareget-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fluxgui-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/franz-attention-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/franz-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fusion-icon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gitter-indicator-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gitter-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/goldendict-scan-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/goldendict-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-chrome-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-chrome-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-music-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-brightness-kbd-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-brightness-kbd-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-brightness-kbd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-brightness-lcd-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-brightness-lcd-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-inhibit-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-inhibit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpmdp-tray-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpmdp-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/grive-app-ind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gtg-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/guake-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/haguichi-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/haguichi-connecting-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/haguichi-connecting-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/haguichi-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hangouts-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hangouts-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hangouts-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hangouts-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/harmony-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hexchat-highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hexchat-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hipchat4-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hipchat4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hp-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ic_light_enpass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-cpufreq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-feedindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-fortune.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-lunar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-messages-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-messages-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-messages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-privacy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sensors-battery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sensors-case.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sensors-chip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sensors-disk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sensors-fan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sensors-memory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-sound-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-stardate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-trashindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-virtual-box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-workspaces-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-workspaces-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-workspaces-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-workspaces-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-workspaces-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-workspaces-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-workspaces-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-workspaces-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/input-touchpad-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/input-touchpad-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-action.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-feed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/irc-channel-joined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/irc-channel-parted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/jdownloader-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/kazam-countdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/kazam-stopped.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keepassx-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keepassx-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keepassxc-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keepassxc-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keybase-badged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keybase-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keybase-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keybase-uploading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keyboard-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keyboard-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keyboard-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keyboard-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keyboard-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keyboard-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-monitor-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-monitor-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-monitor-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-monitor-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/krb-expiring-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/krb-valid-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/krudiotray-light-off16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/krudiotray-light-on16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/laptopconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/laptopdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/laptoptrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/livewallpaper-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/lookit-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/lyricfier-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mailspring-tray-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mailspring-tray-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/megalogging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/megapaused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/megasynching.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/megauptodate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/megawarning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/messenger-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/messenger-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mic-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mic-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mic-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mic-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mic-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mini-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mintupdate-checking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mintupdate-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mintupdate-installing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mintupdate-updates-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mouse-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mouse-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mouse-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mouse-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mouse-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mouse-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mstdn-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mullvadg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mullvadr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mullvady.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mumble-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/museeks-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/museeq-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/museeq-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-3g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-4g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-cdma-1x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-edge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-evdo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-gprs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-hspa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-secure-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-secure-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-secure-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-cellular-umts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-vpn-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-vpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wired-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wired-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wired-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wired-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-hotspot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-secure-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-secure-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-secure-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-secure-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-secure-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/new-messages-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nitroshare-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-mb-roam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-3g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-4g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-edge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-evdo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-gprs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-hspa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-umts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-vpn-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-wwan-tower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nomachine-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nomachine-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/notes-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/num-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/num-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nylas-tray-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nylas-tray-full-newitems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nylas-tray-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/octopi-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/octopi-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/octopi-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/onboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/openbazaar-system-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pcloud-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pcloud-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pcloud-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pcloud-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pcloud-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/persepolis-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/phone-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/phone-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/phone-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/phone-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/phone-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/phone-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pia_tray_connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pia_tray_connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pia_tray_disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pithos-tray-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoneapp-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoneapp-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoneapp-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoneapp-started.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-start-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pomodoro-stop-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/popcorntime-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pragha-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/preferences-desktop-accessibility-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/prime-intel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/prime-nvidia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/process-syncing-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/process-syncing-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/process-syncing-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/process-syncing-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/process-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/protonmail-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/protonmail-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/psensor_hot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/psensor_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qbittorrent-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qelectrotech-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qjoypad-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qnapi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qomp-pause-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qomp-play-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qomp-stop-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qtox-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qtox-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qtox-event.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qtox-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qtox-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qtox-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qtpass-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/quota.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/radiotray_connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/radiotray_off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/radiotray_on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rambox-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rambox-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/redshift-status-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/redshift-status-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/remmina-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/remote-folder-sync-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/remote-folder-sync-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/remote-folder-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rescuetime-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rescuetime-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rhythmbox-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rhythmbox-playing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/riot-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rto-proxy-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/safeeyes_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/safeeyes_enabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/screencloud-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/screencloud-uploading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scroll-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scroll-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/seafile-status-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/seafile-status-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/seafile-status-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/seafile-status-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/seafile-status-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/security-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/security-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/security-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/sflphone-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/shutter-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/simplescreenrecorder-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-away-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-connected-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-connecting-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-connecting-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-disturb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-offline-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/slack-indicator-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/slack-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/smartphoneconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/smartphonedisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/smartphonetrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/smplayer-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/solaar-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/solaar-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/spotify-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/start-here.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/state-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/state-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/state-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/state-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/state-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/state-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/state-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/state-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/steadyflow-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/steam_tray_mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stremio-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/synapse-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/synergy-panel-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/synergy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-40.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-60.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-70.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-80.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/syspeek-90.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/system-devices-panel-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/system-devices-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/system-file-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/system-restart-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tabletconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tabletdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tablettrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/teamviewer-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/telegram-attention-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/telegram-mute-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/telegram-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tomahawk-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmission-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/trimage-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tusk-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/twitch-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ubuntuone-client-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ubuntuone-client-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ubuntuone-client-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ubuntuone-client-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ubuntuone-client-updating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/uget-tray-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/uget-tray-downloading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/uget-tray-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/ulauncher-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/update-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/update-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-status-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-status-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/variety-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/viber-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/viber-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/vivaldi-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/vlc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/vnote_ink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/vnote_small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/vnote_update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clouds-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-fog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-freezing-rain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-none-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-overcast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-severe-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-showers-scattered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-showers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-snow-rain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-snow-scattered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-snow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-storm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-windy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/wechat-tray-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/wechat-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/whatsapp-msg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/whatsapp-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/whatsapp-warning-msg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/whatsapp-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/whatsie-tray-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/whatsie-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/wire-tray-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/wire-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/wiznote-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/workrave-indicator-quiet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/workrave-indicator-suspended.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/workrave-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xchat-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/y-ppa-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yd-busy1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yd-ind-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yd-ind-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yd-ind-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-downloading-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/zeal-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/zim-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/QMPlay2-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/account-logged-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/airplane-mode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/akonaditray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/anatine-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/anatine-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ao-app-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/application-running.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/applications-email-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/artha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audacious-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/autokey-status-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/autokey-status.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/avatar-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/banshee-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-caution-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-empty-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-full-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-good-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-low-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-medium-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bitcoin-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bitwarden-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bluetooth-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bluetooth-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bluetooth-paired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bomi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bumblebee-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/caffeine-cup-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/caffeine-cup-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/calibre-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/camera-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/camera-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/camera-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cantata-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/caps-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/caps-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cisco-tray-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/classicmenu-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/clementine-panel-grey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/clementine-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/clipboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cloudstatus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/copyq-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/copyq-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/crow-translate-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cryptfolder-open-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cryptkeeper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/deadbeef-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/deluge-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/desktopdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/desktoptrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dialog-password-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dino-status-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dino-status-chat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dino-status-dnd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dino-status-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/discord-tray-deafened.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/discord-tray-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/discord-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/disper-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dropboxstatus-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dropboxstatus-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dropboxstatus-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dropboxstatus-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/dropboxstatus-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/everpad-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/exaile-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/exaile-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/face-smile-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-rime-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-skk-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/feedindicator-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/feedindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/firewall-applet-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/firewall-applet-panic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/firewall-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/flameshot-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/flareget-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fluxgui-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/franz-attention-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/franz-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fusion-icon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gitter-indicator-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gitter-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/goldendict-scan-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/goldendict-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-chrome-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-chrome-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-music-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-brightness-kbd-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-brightness-kbd-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-brightness-kbd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-brightness-lcd-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-brightness-lcd-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-inhibit-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-inhibit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpmdp-tray-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpmdp-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/grive-app-ind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gtg-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/guake-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/haguichi-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/haguichi-connecting-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/haguichi-connecting-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/haguichi-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hangouts-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hangouts-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hangouts-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hangouts-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/harmony-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hexchat-highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hexchat-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hipchat4-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hipchat4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hp-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ic_light_enpass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-cpufreq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-feedindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-fortune.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Am.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Av.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Az.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Br.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-By.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Da.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Et.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-He.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-In.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Is.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-It.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Km.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Md.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-My.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Or.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Si.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Te.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Th.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-lunar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-messages-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-messages-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-messages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-privacy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sensors-battery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sensors-case.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sensors-chip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sensors-disk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sensors-fan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sensors-memory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-sound-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-stardate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-trashindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-virtual-box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-workspaces-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-workspaces-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-workspaces-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-workspaces-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-workspaces-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-workspaces-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-workspaces-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-workspaces-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/input-touchpad-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/input-touchpad-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-action.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-feed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/irc-channel-joined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/irc-channel-parted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/jdownloader-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/kazam-countdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/kazam-stopped.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keepassx-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keepassx-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keepassxc-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keepassxc-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keybase-badged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keybase-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keybase-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keybase-uploading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keyboard-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keyboard-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keyboard-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keyboard-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keyboard-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keyboard-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-monitor-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-monitor-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-monitor-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-monitor-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/krb-expiring-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/krb-valid-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/krudiotray-light-off22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/krudiotray-light-on22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/laptopconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/laptopdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/laptoptrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/livewallpaper-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/lookit-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/lyricfier-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mailspring-tray-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mailspring-tray-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/megalogging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/megapaused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/megasynching.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/megauptodate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/megawarning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/messenger-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/messenger-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mic-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mic-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mic-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mic-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mic-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mini-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mintupdate-checking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mintupdate-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mintupdate-installing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mintupdate-updates-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mouse-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mouse-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mouse-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mouse-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mouse-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mouse-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mstdn-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mullvadg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mullvadr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mullvady.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mumble-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/museeks-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/museeq-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/museeq-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-3g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-4g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-cdma-1x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-edge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-evdo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-gprs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-hspa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-secure-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-secure-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-secure-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-cellular-umts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-vpn-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-vpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wired-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wired-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wired-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wired-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-hotspot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-secure-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-secure-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-secure-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-secure-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-secure-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/new-messages-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nitroshare-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-mb-roam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-3g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-4g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-edge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-evdo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-gprs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-hspa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-umts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-vpn-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-wwan-tower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nomachine-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nomachine-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/notes-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/num-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/num-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nylas-tray-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nylas-tray-full-newitems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nylas-tray-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/octopi-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/octopi-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/octopi-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/onboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/openbazaar-system-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pcloud-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pcloud-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pcloud-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pcloud-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pcloud-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/persepolis-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/phone-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/phone-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/phone-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/phone-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/phone-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/phone-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pia_tray_connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pia_tray_connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pia_tray_disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pithos-tray-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoneapp-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoneapp-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoneapp-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoneapp-started.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-start-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pomodoro-stop-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/popcorntime-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pragha-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/preferences-desktop-accessibility-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/prime-intel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/prime-nvidia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/process-syncing-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/process-syncing-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/process-syncing-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/process-syncing-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/process-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/protonmail-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/protonmail-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/psensor_hot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/psensor_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qbittorrent-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qelectrotech-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qjoypad-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qnapi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qomp-pause-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qomp-play-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qomp-stop-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qtox-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qtox-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qtox-event.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qtox-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qtox-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qtox-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qtpass-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/quota.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/radiotray_connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/radiotray_off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/radiotray_on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rambox-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rambox-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/redshift-status-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/redshift-status-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/remmina-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/remote-folder-sync-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/remote-folder-sync-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/remote-folder-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rescuetime-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rescuetime-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rhythmbox-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rhythmbox-playing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/riot-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rto-proxy-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/safeeyes_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/safeeyes_enabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/screencloud-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/screencloud-uploading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scroll-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scroll-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/seafile-status-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/seafile-status-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/seafile-status-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/seafile-status-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/seafile-status-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/security-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/security-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/security-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/sflphone-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/shutter-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/simplescreenrecorder-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-away-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-connected-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-connecting-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-connecting-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-disturb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-offline-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/slack-indicator-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/slack-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/smartphoneconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/smartphonedisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/smartphonetrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/smplayer-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/solaar-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/solaar-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/spotify-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/start-here.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/state-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/state-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/state-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/state-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/state-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/state-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/state-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/state-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/steadyflow-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/steam_tray_mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stremio-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/synapse-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/synergy-panel-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/synergy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-40.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-60.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-70.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-80.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/syspeek-90.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/system-devices-panel-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/system-devices-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/system-file-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/system-restart-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tabletconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tabletdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tablettrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/teamviewer-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/telegram-attention-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/telegram-mute-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/telegram-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tomahawk-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmission-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/trimage-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tusk-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/twitch-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ubuntuone-client-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ubuntuone-client-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ubuntuone-client-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ubuntuone-client-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ubuntuone-client-updating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/uget-tray-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/uget-tray-downloading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/uget-tray-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/ulauncher-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/update-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/update-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-status-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-status-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/variety-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/viber-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/viber-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/vivaldi-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/vlc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/vnote_ink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/vnote_small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/vnote_update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clouds-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-fog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-freezing-rain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-none-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-overcast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-severe-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-showers-scattered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-showers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-snow-rain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-snow-scattered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-snow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-storm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-windy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/wechat-tray-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/wechat-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/whatsapp-msg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/whatsapp-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/whatsapp-warning-msg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/whatsapp-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/whatsie-tray-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/whatsie-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/wire-tray-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/wire-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/wiznote-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/workrave-indicator-quiet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/workrave-indicator-suspended.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/workrave-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xchat-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/y-ppa-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yd-busy1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yd-ind-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yd-ind-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yd-ind-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-downloading-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/zeal-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/zim-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/QMPlay2-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/account-logged-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/airplane-mode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/akonaditray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/anatine-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/anatine-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ao-app-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/application-running.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/applications-email-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/artha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audacious-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/autokey-status-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/autokey-status.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/avatar-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/banshee-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-caution-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-empty-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-full-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-good-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-low-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-medium-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bitcoin-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bitwarden-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bluetooth-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bluetooth-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bluetooth-paired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bomi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bumblebee-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/caffeine-cup-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/caffeine-cup-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/calibre-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/camera-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/camera-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/camera-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cantata-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/caps-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/caps-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cisco-tray-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/classicmenu-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/clementine-panel-grey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/clementine-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/clipboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cloudstatus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/copyq-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/copyq-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/crow-translate-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cryptfolder-open-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cryptkeeper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/deadbeef-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/deluge-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/desktopdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/desktoptrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dialog-password-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dino-status-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dino-status-chat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dino-status-dnd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dino-status-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/discord-tray-deafened.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/discord-tray-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/discord-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/disper-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dropboxstatus-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dropboxstatus-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dropboxstatus-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dropboxstatus-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/dropboxstatus-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/everpad-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/exaile-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/exaile-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/face-smile-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-rime-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-skk-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/feedindicator-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/feedindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/firewall-applet-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/firewall-applet-panic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/firewall-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/flameshot-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/flareget-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fluxgui-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/franz-attention-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/franz-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fusion-icon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gitter-indicator-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gitter-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/goldendict-scan-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/goldendict-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-chrome-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-chrome-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-music-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-brightness-kbd-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-brightness-kbd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-brightness-lcd-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-brightness-lcd-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-inhibit-invalid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-inhibit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpmdp-tray-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpmdp-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/grive-app-ind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gtg-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/guake-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/haguichi-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/haguichi-connecting-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/haguichi-connecting-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/haguichi-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hangouts-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hangouts-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hangouts-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hangouts-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/harmony-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hexchat-highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hexchat-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hipchat4-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hipchat4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hp-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ic_light_enpass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-cpufreq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-feedindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-fortune.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Am.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Av.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Az.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Br.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-By.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Da.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Et.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-He.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-In.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Is.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-It.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Km.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Md.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-My.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Or.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Si.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Te.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Th.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-lunar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-messages-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-messages-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-messages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-privacy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sensors-battery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sensors-case.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sensors-chip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sensors-disk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sensors-fan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sensors-memory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-sound-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-stardate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-trashindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-virtual-box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-workspaces-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-workspaces-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-workspaces-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-workspaces-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-workspaces-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-workspaces-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-workspaces-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-workspaces-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/input-touchpad-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/input-touchpad-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-action.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-feed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/irc-channel-joined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/irc-channel-parted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/jdownloader-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/kazam-countdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/kazam-stopped.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keepassx-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keepassx-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keepassxc-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keepassxc-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keybase-badged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keybase-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keybase-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keybase-uploading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keyboard-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keyboard-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keyboard-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keyboard-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keyboard-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keyboard-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-monitor-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-monitor-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-monitor-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-monitor-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/krb-expiring-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/krb-valid-ticket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/krudiotray-light-off24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/krudiotray-light-on24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/laptopconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/laptopdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/laptoptrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/livewallpaper-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/lookit-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/lyricfier-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mailspring-tray-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mailspring-tray-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/megalogging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/megapaused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/megasynching.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/megauptodate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/megawarning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/messenger-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/messenger-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mic-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mic-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mic-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mic-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mic-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mini-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mintupdate-checking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mintupdate-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mintupdate-installing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mintupdate-updates-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mouse-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mouse-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mouse-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mouse-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mouse-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mouse-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mstdn-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mullvadg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mullvadr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mullvady.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mumble-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/museeks-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/museeq-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/museeq-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-3g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-4g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-cdma-1x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-edge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-evdo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-gprs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-hspa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-secure-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-secure-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-secure-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-cellular-umts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-vpn-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-vpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wired-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wired-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wired-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wired-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-acquiring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-hotspot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-no-route.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-secure-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-secure-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-secure-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-secure-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-secure-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-signal-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-signal-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-signal-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/new-messages-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nitroshare-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-mb-roam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-3g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-4g.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-edge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-evdo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-gprs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-hspa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-umts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-vpn-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-wwan-tower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nomachine-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nomachine-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/notes-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/num-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/num-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nylas-tray-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nylas-tray-full-newitems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nylas-tray-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/octopi-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/octopi-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/octopi-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/onboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/openbazaar-system-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pcloud-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pcloud-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pcloud-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pcloud-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pcloud-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/persepolis-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/phone-battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/phone-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/phone-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/phone-battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/phone-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/phone-battery-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pia_tray_connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pia_tray_connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pia_tray_disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pithos-tray-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoneapp-break.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoneapp-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoneapp-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoneapp-started.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-start-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pomodoro-stop-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/popcorntime-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pragha-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/preferences-desktop-accessibility-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/prime-intel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/prime-nvidia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/process-syncing-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/process-syncing-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/process-syncing-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/process-syncing-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/process-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/protonmail-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/protonmail-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/psensor_hot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/psensor_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qbittorrent-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qelectrotech-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qjoypad-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qnapi-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qomp-pause-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qomp-play-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qomp-stop-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qtox-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qtox-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qtox-event.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qtox-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qtox-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qtox-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qtpass-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/quota.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/radiotray_connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/radiotray_off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/radiotray_on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rambox-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rambox-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/redshift-status-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/redshift-status-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/remmina-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/remote-folder-sync-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/remote-folder-sync-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/remote-folder-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rescuetime-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rescuetime-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rhythmbox-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rhythmbox-playing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/riot-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rto-proxy-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/safeeyes_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/safeeyes_enabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/screencloud-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/screencloud-uploading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scroll-lock-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scroll-lock-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/seafile-status-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/seafile-status-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/seafile-status-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/seafile-status-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/seafile-status-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/security-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/security-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/security-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/sflphone-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/shutter-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/simplescreenrecorder-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-away-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-connected-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-connecting-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-connecting-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-disturb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-offline-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/slack-indicator-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/slack-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/smartphoneconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/smartphonedisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/smartphonetrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/smplayer-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/solaar-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/solaar-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/spotify-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/start-here.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/state-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/state-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/state-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/state-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/state-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/state-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/state-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/state-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/steadyflow-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/steam_tray_mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stremio-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/synapse-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/synergy-panel-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/synergy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-40.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-60.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-70.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-80.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/syspeek-90.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/system-devices-panel-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/system-devices-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/system-file-manager-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/system-restart-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tabletconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tabletdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tablettrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/teamviewer-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/telegram-attention-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/telegram-mute-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/telegram-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tomahawk-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmission-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/trimage-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tusk-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/twitch-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ubuntuone-client-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ubuntuone-client-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ubuntuone-client-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ubuntuone-client-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ubuntuone-client-updating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/uget-tray-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/uget-tray-downloading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/uget-tray-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/ulauncher-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/update-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/update-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-status-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-status-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/variety-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/viber-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/viber-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/vivaldi-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/vlc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/vnote_ink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/vnote_small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/vnote_update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clouds-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-fog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-freezing-rain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-none-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-overcast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-severe-alert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-showers-scattered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-showers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-snow-rain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-snow-scattered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-snow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-storm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-windy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/wechat-tray-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/wechat-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/whatsapp-msg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/whatsapp-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/whatsapp-warning-msg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/whatsapp-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/whatsie-tray-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/whatsie-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/wire-tray-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/wire-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/wiznote-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/workrave-indicator-quiet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/workrave-indicator-suspended.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/workrave-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xchat-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/y-ppa-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yd-busy1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yd-ind-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yd-ind-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yd-ind-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-downloading-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/zeal-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/zim-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/bookmark-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/bookmarks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-apple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-apps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-atom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-black.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-blue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-bluegrey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-brown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-cinnamon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-custom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-cyan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-development.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-dropbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-favorites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-fonts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-git.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-github.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-gitlab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-google-drive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-green.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-grey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-image-people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-important.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-indigo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-mac.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-magenta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-mail-cloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-manjaro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-mega.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-meocloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-mozilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-orange.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-pictures.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-pink.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-private.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-publicshare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-recent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-script.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-steam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-teal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-templates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-themes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-unlocked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-vbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-violet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-vscode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-white.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-wine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-yandex-disk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-yellow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/insync-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/insync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/network-workgroup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/user-bookmarks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/user-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/user-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/user-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-activities-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-apple-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-apps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-atom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-cinnamon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-development-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-documents-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-download-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-dropbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-electron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-favorites-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-fonts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-games-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-git-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-github-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-gitlab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-gnome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-google-drive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-icons-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-image-people-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-important-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-java-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-linux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-locked-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-mac-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-mail-cloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-mega-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-meocloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-mozilla-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-open-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-photo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-print-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-private-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-recent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-remote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-script-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-steam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-tar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-templates-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-themes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-unlocked-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-vbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-video-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-vscode-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-wine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-yandex-disk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/insync-help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/insync-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/user-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/user-home-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/user-trash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/scalable-max-32/status/process-working-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/changes-allow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/changes-prevent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/media-playback-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/media-playback-playing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/media-playback-stopped.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-available-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-broken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-downgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-installed-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-installed-outdated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-installed-updated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-purge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-reinstall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-supported.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16/package-upgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/avatar-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/changes-allow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/changes-prevent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/computer-fail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/dialog-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/image-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/media-playback-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/media-playback-playing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/media-playback-stopped.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/network-wired-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/network-wireless-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/trophy-bronze.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/trophy-gold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/trophy-silver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/avatar-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/changes-allow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/changes-prevent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/computer-fail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/dialog-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/image-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/media-playback-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/media-playback-playing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/media-playback-stopped.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/network-wired-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/network-wireless-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/trophy-bronze.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/trophy-gold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/trophy-silver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/avatar-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/changes-allow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/changes-prevent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/computer-fail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/dialog-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/image-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/laptopconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/laptopdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/laptoptrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/network-wired-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/network-wireless-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/non-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/semi-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/smartphoneconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/smartphonedisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/smartphonetrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/tabletconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/tabletdisconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/tablettrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/task-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/task-past-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/trophy-bronze.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/trophy-gold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/trophy-silver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/user-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/airplane-mode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/avatar-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-caution-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-caution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-empty-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-full-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-full-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-good-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-good.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-low-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/bluetooth-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/bluetooth-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/camera-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/camera-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/changes-allow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/changes-prevent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/computer-fail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/dialog-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/face-cool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/image-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/network-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/network-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/network-wired-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/network-wireless-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/nm-signal-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/nm-signal-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/nm-signal-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/nm-signal-75.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/non-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-audio-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-audio-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-device-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-display-brightness-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-display-brightness-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-display-brightness-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-display-brightness-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-display-brightness-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-gsm-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-gsm-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-input-touchpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-keyboard-brightness.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-microphone-sensitivity-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-microphone-sensitivity-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-network-ethernet-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-network-wireless-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-network-wireless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-printer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-touchpad-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/printer-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/semi-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/task-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/task-past-due.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/trophy-bronze.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/trophy-gold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/trophy-silver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/user-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/airplane-mode-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/alarm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/arch-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/arch-lit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/arch-unknown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/arch-updates-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/arch-uptodate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-muted-blocking-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/avatar-default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-caution-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-good-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-medium-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/battery-missing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/bumblebee-active-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/bumblebee-inactive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/call-missed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/capslock-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/capslock-enabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/changes-allow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/channel-secure-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/checkbox-checked-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/checkbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/computer-fail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/content-loading-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/daytime-sunset-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-information-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-password-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-question-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/display-brightness-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/display-brightness-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/display-brightness-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/display-brightness-off-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/display-brightness-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/folder-open-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/folder-visiting-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/freon-gpu-temperature-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/gser-icon-playing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/gser-icon-stopped-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/image-loading-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/mail-read-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/mail-replied-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/mail-unread-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-no-repeat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/mpi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/my-caffeine-off-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/my-caffeine-on-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-cdma-1x-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-disconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-umts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-disconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-idle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-receive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-transmit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-vpn-disconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-vpn-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-vpn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-disconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/non-starred-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/notification-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/notification-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/notification-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/numlock-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/numlock-enabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/nvidia-card-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/nvidia-ram-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/printer-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/printer-printing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/printer-warning-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/process-completed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/process-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/process-working-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/radio-checked-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/radio-mixed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/radio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/revolt-status-blink-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/revolt-status-online-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/security-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/security-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/security-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/sensors-fan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/sensors-temperature-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/sensors-voltage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/software-update-available-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/software-update-urgent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/starred-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/task-due-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/task-past-due-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/touchpad-enabled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-available-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-away-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-busy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-idle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-invisible-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/view-private-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-clear-night-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-clear-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-fog-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-overcast-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-showers-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-snow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/weather-storm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/16/avatar-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/16/network-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/16/stock_disconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/16/stock_text-monospaced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/io/16/stock_network-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/CyberHack-qt5ct_colors.conf termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/CyberHack.colors termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/CyberHack.emerald termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/CyberHack.klpw termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/CyberHack.qtcurve termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack/CyberHack.colors termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack/CyberHack.kvconfig termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack/CyberHack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack-90/CyberHack-90.kvconfig termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack-90/CyberHack-90.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack-90/CyberHack.colors termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack-solid/CyberHack-solid.colors termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack-solid/CyberHack-solid.kvconfig termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack-solid/CyberHack-solid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Kvantum/CyberHack.zip termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/LICENSE     termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/dialogs/background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/akonadi.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/akregator.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/amarok.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/applications.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/apport.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/audio.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/battery.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/bookmarks.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/cantata.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/computer.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/configure.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/device.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/disk.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/distribute.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/document.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/drive.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/edit.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/fcitx.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/go.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/ime.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/input.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kalarm.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kdeconnect.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/keyboard.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kget.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kgpg.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kleopatra.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/klipper.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kmail.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/konv_message.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/konversation.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kopete.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/korgac.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kpackagekit.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kruler.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kteatime.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/ktorrent.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/kup.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/list.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/mail.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/media.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/mobile.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/network.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/notification.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/osd.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/phone.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/plasmavault.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/plasmavault_error.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/preferences.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/printer.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/quassel.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/search.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/slc.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/software.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/start.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/system.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/touchpad.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/user.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/video-card.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/video.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/view.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/vlc.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/wallet.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/window.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/yakuake.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/icons/zoom.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/metadata.json termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/opaque/dialogs/background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/opaque/widgets/panel-background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/opaque/widgets/tooltip.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/plasmarc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/solid/dialogs/background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/solid/widgets/background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/solid/widgets/panel-background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/solid/widgets/tooltip.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/translucent-original/dialogs/background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/translucent-original/widgets/background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/translucent-original/widgets/panel-background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/translucent-original/widgets/tooltip.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/weather/wind-arrows.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/action-overlays.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/actionbutton.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/analog_meter.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/arrows.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/bar_meter_horizontal.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/bar_meter_vertical.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/branding.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/busywidget.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/button.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/calendar.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/checkmarks.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/clock.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/configuration-icons.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/containment-controls.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/dragger.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/frame.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/glowbar.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/line.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/lineedit.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/listitem.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/margins-highlight.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/media-delegate.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/menubaritem.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/monitor.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/notes.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/pager.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/panel-background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/picker.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/plasmoidheading.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/plot-background.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/radiobutton.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/scrollbar.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/scrollwidget.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/slider.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/switch.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/tabbar.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/tasks.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/timer.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/toolbar.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/tooltip.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/translucentbackground.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/Plasma/breeze-cyberhack/widgets/viewitem.svgz termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/README.md   termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/TODO.md     termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/all-assets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/all-assets.txt termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/change_dpi.sh termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/checkbox-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/checkbox-mixed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/grid-selection-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/grid-selection-unchecked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-radio-checked-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-radio-checked-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-radio-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-radio-mixed-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-radio-mixed-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-radio-mixed-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-radio-mixed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/menuitem-radio-unchecked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/pane-handle-vertical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/pane-handle.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/pane-handle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/pane-handle@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/radio-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/radio-mixed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/radio-selected-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/radio-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/radio-unselected-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/radio-unselected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/sed.sh termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/assets/unsed.sh termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/add-workspace-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/add-workspace.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/checkbox-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/checkbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/close-window.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/corner-ripple.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/radiobutton-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/radiobutton.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/toggle-off-intl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/toggle-off-us.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/toggle-on-intl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/toggle-on-us.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/assets/trash-icon.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/cinnamon.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/_extends.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/_global.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/cinnamon.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_accessibility.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_alt-tab.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_calendar.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_desklets.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_dialogs.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_menu.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_notifications.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_overview.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_panel.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_stage.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/scss/sections/_tile-hud.scss termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cinnamon/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/cyberhack-improved.json termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-2.0/gtkrc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-2.0/gtkrc.hidpi termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-down-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-left-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-right-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-up-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-over.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-over@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-over.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-over@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-over.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-over@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/close-focused-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/close-focused-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/close-focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/close-focused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/close-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/close-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-focused-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-focused-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-focused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-focused-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-focused-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-focused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-over.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-over@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-over.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-over@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-over.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-over@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/restore-focused-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/restore-focused-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/restore-focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/restore-focused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/restore-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/restore-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/gtk.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/index.theme termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-above-focus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-above-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-above-unfocus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-above.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-close-focus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-close-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-close-unfocus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-close.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-max-focus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-max-focus1.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-max-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-max-unfocus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-max.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-menu-focus-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-menu-unfocus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-menu.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-min-focus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-min-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-min-unfocus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-min.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-unabove-unfocus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/button-unabove.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/menu-button-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml.disabled termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml.disabled termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/neutral.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/unabove-button-unfocus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/unabove-button.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/unfocus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/metacity-1/yellow.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/close.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/close_hover.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/desk.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/desk_toggled.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/iconify.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/iconify_hover.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/max.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/max_toggled.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/shade.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/shade_toggled.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/openbox-3/themerc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/Desktop-CyberHack-v2.jpg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/Desktop-CyberHack.jpg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/gtk3-widget-factory-p1-v2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/gtk3-widget-factory-p2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/icon-v2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/icon.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/kvantum-full-desktop.jpg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/kvantum-icon.jpg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/preview/xfwm4_borders.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_focused_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_back_150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_back_54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_edge_150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_edge_54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_glow_200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_glow_62.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_62.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_shine_150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_icon_shine_54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_focused_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_focused_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimized.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/modes/launcher_bfb-flat.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/modes/launcher_bfb_ns.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/modes/ubuntu-square.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/progress_bar_fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/progress_bar_trough.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/sheet_style_close_focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_focused_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/README termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/button-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/button-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/buttons.xcf termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/close-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/close-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/close-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/close-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/close-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/hide-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/left-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/left-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/right-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/right-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-toggled-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-toggled-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-toggled-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-toggled-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-toggled-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-toggled-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-toggled-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-toggled-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/themerc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-1-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-1-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/top-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/top-left-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/top-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/top-right-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/README termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-left-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-left-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-right-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/bottom-right-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/button-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/button-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/close-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/close-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/close-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/close-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/hide-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/hide-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/hide-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/hide-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/left-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/left-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-toggled-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-toggled-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-toggled-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-toggled-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/menu-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/menu-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/menu-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/menu-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/menu-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/menu-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/menu-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/menu-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/right-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/right-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-toggled-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-toggled-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-toggled-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-toggled-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-toggled-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-toggled-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-toggled-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-toggled-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/themerc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-1-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-1-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-1-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-1-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-2-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-2-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-3-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-3-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-4-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-4-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-5-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-5-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/top-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/top-left-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/top-left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/top-left-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/top-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/top-right-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/top-right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/top-right-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/LICENSE     termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/README.md   termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/cinnamon.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/menu/menu-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/menu/menu-separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/bg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/corner-ripple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/desklet-header.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/desklet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/osd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/overview-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/overview.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/trash-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/activities-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-hover-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-hover-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-hover-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-hover-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/switch/switch-off-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/common-assets/switch/switch-on-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked-focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked-focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/menu/menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/menu/submenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/misc/button-box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/misc/message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/misc/modal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/switch/switch-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/light-assets/switch/switch-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/cinnamon/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/dash-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/dash-placeholder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/dash-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running1-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running2-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running3-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running4-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/menu/menu-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/menu/menu-separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/bg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/calendar-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/close-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/close-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/corner-ripple-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/corner-ripple-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/more-results.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/osd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/page-indicator-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/page-indicator-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/page-indicator-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/page-indicator-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/process-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/panel/activities-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/panel/activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/panel/panel-overview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/panel/panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/switch/switch-off-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/common-assets/switch/switch-on-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked-focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked-focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/menu/menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/menu/submenu-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/menu/submenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/message-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/message-close-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/message-close-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/message-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/message-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/modal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/switch/switch-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gnome-shell/light-assets/switch/switch-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/apps.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-insens.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-insens.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-insens.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-insens.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-insens.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-insens.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-bg.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-notebook.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-toolbar.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-disabled.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-bg.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-active-bg.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-bg.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-bg.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-notebook.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-toolbar.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-notebook.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-toolbar.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/focus-line.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-end.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-start.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-h.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-v.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/inline-toolbar.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/line-h.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/line-v.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-selected.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-selected.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-selected.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-selected.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar_button.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/menuitem.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/minus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-horiz.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-vert.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/null.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/plus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar_v.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-insens.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-insens.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/slider.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-bottom-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-top-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/tree_header.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar_v.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-horiz.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-vert.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/gtkrc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/main.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-active-toolbar-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-disabled-toolbar-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-toolbar-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar-toolbar-dark.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar_button-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/panel.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-2.0/xfce-notify.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-3.0/gtk.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-3.0/gtk.gresource termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/index.theme termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/button-bg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/button-border.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/close-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/max-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/min-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/metacity-1/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/close.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/desk.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/desk_toggled.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/iconify.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/max.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/max_toggled.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/shade.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/shade_toggled.xbm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/openbox-3/themerc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/plank/dock.theme termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/close_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/maximize_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/minimize_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/dash/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_back_150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_back_54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_edge_150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_edge_54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_glow_200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_glow_62.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_62.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_shine_150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_icon_shine_54.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_37.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/close_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/close_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/close_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/maximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/maximize_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/maximize_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/minimize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/minimize_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/minimize_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/window-buttons/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/bottom-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/close-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/close-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/close-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/close-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/hide-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/maximize-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/menu-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/shade-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/stick-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/themerc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-1-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-2-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-3-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-4-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-5-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/top-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/top-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/LICENSE     termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/README.md   termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/calendar-selected.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/calendar-selected@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-active-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-active-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-hover-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-hover-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-active-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-active-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-mixed@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/checkbox-unchecked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close_prelight@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/close_unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/grid-selection-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/grid-selection-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/grid-selection-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/grid-selection-unchecked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize_prelight@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-selected.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed-selected@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-mixed@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-checkbox-unchecked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-radio-checked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-radio-checked-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-radio-checked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-radio-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/menuitem-radio-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min_prelight@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/min_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/pane-handle-vertical.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/pane-handle-vertical@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/pane-handle.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/pane-handle@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/qcheckbox-checked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-active-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-active-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-hover-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-hover-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-active-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-active-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-hover-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-hover-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-mixed@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-selected-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-selected@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-active-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-active-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-active@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-hover-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-hover-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-backdrop-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-backdrop-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-backdrop.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-backdrop@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unchecked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unselected-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unselected-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unselected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/radio-unselected@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/scale-slider-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/scale-slider-hover@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/scale-slider-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/scale-slider-insensitive@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/scale-slider.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/scale-slider@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-checked-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-checked-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-mixed-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-mixed-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-mixed@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-unchecked-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-unchecked-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-checkbox-unchecked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-checked-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-checked-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-checked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-mixed-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-mixed-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-mixed@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-unchecked-dark.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-unchecked-dark@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/selected-radio-unchecked@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-insensitive@2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-off@2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-on@2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-slider-insensitive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-slider-insensitive@2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-slider-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-slider-off@2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-slider-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/assets/switch-slider-on@2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/cinnamon-dark.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/cinnamon.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/menu/menu-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/menu/menu-separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/bg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close-hover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/corner-ripple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/desklet-header.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/desklet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/osd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/overview-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/overview.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/trash-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/activities-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/switch/switch-off-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/common-assets/switch/switch-on-selected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked-focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked-focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/menu/menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/menu/submenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/misc/button-box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/misc/message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/misc/modal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/switch/switch-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/dark-assets/switch/switch-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/cinnamon/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off-focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/corner-ripple-ltr.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/corner-ripple-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/dash-placeholder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/logged-in-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/noise-texture.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/process-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/running-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/source-button-border.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/ws-switch-arrow-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/assets/ws-switch-arrow-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/apps/chrome.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/apps/gimp.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/apps/libreoffice.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/apps/terminal.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/apps/thunar.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/apps/xfce.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/border.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/focus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-inline.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-notebook.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-horz.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-vert.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/line.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-border.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar-item-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-semi.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-semi.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz-trough.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert-trough.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-focus.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-trough.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-horz-gap.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-vert-gap.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar-button-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar-button-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-ltr.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-rtl.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/gtkrc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/main.rc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-3.0/gtk.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-4.0/gtk-dark.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-4.0/gtk.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-4.0/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/index.theme termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/close.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/close_focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/close_focused_normal.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/close_focused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/close_focused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/close_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/close_unfocused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/close_unfocused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/maximize.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/maximize_focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/maximize_focused_normal.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/maximize_focused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/maximize_focused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/menu.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/menu_focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/menu_focused_normal.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/menu_focused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/menu_focused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/menu_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/menu_unfocused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/menu_unfocused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/metacity-theme.xml termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/minimize.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/minimize_focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/minimize_focused_normal.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/minimize_focused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/minimize_focused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/shade.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/shade_focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/shade_focused_normal.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/shade_focused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/shade_focused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/shade_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/shade_unfocused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/shade_unfocused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/thumbnail.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unmaximize.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_normal.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unshade.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unshade_focused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unshade_focused_normal.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unshade_focused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unshade_focused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused_prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused_pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/bottom-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/close-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/close-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/close-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/close-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/hide-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/maximize-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/menu-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/shade-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/stick-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/themerc termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-1-active-shaded.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-1-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-2-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-3-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-4-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-5-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/top-left-active-shaded.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/top-left-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/top-right-active-shaded.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/top-right-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/09BE_EpicGamesLauncher.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/1E64_notepad.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/1password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/2EF4_wordpad.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/5961_Defunct_x86.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/7596_iexplore.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/7z.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/97C1_wordpad.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Acetino2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/AdobeReader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/AdobeReader10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/AdobeReader11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/AdobeReader12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/AdobeReader8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/AdobeReader9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Appium-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Appium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Ardour-Ardour_5.12.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Ardour-Ardour_6.0.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Ardour-Ardour_6.5.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Blender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/BurpSuiteCommunity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/CMakeSetup32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Cemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/DV_Resolve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Darktable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/DeSmuME.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ED2E_EpicGamesLauncher.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/FB4C_iexplore.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/GMail-mail.google.com.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Geogebra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/GitKraken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Gmail-mail.google.com.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/GnomeBaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Joplin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Musescore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Nextcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Nocturn-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Nocturn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/OpenRGB.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Openbroadcaster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Pithos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/QMapShack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtIcon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtProject-designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtProject-qdbusviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtProject-qtcreator-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtProject-qtcreator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/RSS_feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/SUSEgreeter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Sci48M.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ScudCloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Spotify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Stacer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/TeamViewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Termius.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/VBox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/YouTubeDownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/Yuna.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/abrt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-archiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/activity-log-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/addressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/adobe-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/affinity-designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/affinity-photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/affinity-publisher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/agenda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/alacarte.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/alarm-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/alarm-timer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/alsamixergui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/altyo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/android-studio-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/android-studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/antimicro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/app.drey.Dialect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/app.xemu.xemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/apparmor_view_profile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/apper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appgrid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-OpenRGB.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-balena-etcher-electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-beekeeper-studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-bitwarden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-conky-logomark-violet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-cool-retro-term.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-cozydrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-cura-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-cutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-draw.io.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-ferdi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-fluent-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-franz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-github-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-gmail-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-joplin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-kitty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-librewolf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-lunarclient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-mellowplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-motrix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-mscore-portable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-obsidian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-odio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-org.fontforge.FontForge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-org.olivevideoeditor.Olive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-org.wezfurlong.wezterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-qtox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-rclone-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-rpcs3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-session-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-stacer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-standard-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-supertux2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-teams-for-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-tutanota-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-unityhub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-vnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-wire-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-youtube-dl-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-youtube-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-yuzu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/appium-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/application-x-renderdoc-capture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-fonts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-internet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-multimedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-python.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-webbrowsers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/apport-gtk2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/apport.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-update-cache.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-upgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/aqemu-32x32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ar.com.tuxguitar.TuxGuitar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/archive-mounter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/archiver-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/archivermanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ardour5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ardour6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/arduino-icon-small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/arduino-ide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/artha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/asounder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/assistant.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/assistant5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/asunder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/athena.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/atomix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/atril.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/audex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/audio-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/audoban.applet.playbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/audoban.applet.separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/autokey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/badge-small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/balena-etcher-electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/baloo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/baobab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/basket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bijiben.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bleachbit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/blivet-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/blueman-device.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/blueman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/blueradio-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/blueradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluetooth-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluetooth-radio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluetoothradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/boot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bottles_winetricks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brasero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-bgkodfmeijboinjdegggmkbkjfiagaan-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-blpcfgokakmgnkcojhhkbfbldkacnbeo-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-bommmmpbplimfmebiadkflfgbgejahgm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-browser-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-faolnafnngnfdaknnbpnkhgohbobgegn-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-fpniocchabmgenibceglhnfeimmdhdfm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-gaedmjdfmmahhbjefcbgaolhhanlaolb-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-hnpfjngllnobngcgfapefoaidbinmjnm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-ighkikkfkalojiibipjigpccggljgdff-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-jknmpnbgkaekopldbncmggaejjamkemn-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/browser-tor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bt-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bug-buddy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/bumblebee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/byzanz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ca._0ldsk00l.Nestopia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cacao-oj6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cacao-oj7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cacao-oj8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cacao-oj9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cairo-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/caja-dropbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calibre-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calibre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/california.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligragemini.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrakarbon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrakrita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrakrita2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligraplan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligraplanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligraplanwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrasheets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrastage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrawords.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/camorama.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/catfish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cc.arduino.IDE2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cc.arduino.arduinoide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/charpic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/checkgmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chmsee-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-apdfllckaahabafndbhieahigkjlhalf-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-bgkodfmeijboinjdegggmkbkjfiagaan-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-blpcfgokakmgnkcojhhkbfbldkacnbeo-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-bommmmpbplimfmebiadkflfgbgejahgm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-clhhggbfdinjmjhajaheehoeibfljjno-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-damddgdogmdhjjbgpfpgmkdgdgjhohef-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-defekohaofmambflfpfoojkmfdpcbgko-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-faolnafnngnfdaknnbpnkhgohbobgegn-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-fdmmgilgnpjigdojojpjoooidkmcomcm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-fhbjgbiflinjbdggehcddcbncdddomop-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-fpniocchabmgenibceglhnfeimmdhdfm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-gaedmjdfmmahhbjefcbgaolhhanlaolb-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-gjmanaihpgjcijokbimnamcdndkffigp-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-haiffjcadagjlijoggckpgfnoeiflnem-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-hnpfjngllnobngcgfapefoaidbinmjnm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-ighkikkfkalojiibipjigpccggljgdff-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-jgeocpdicgmkeemopbanhokmhcgcflmi-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-jknmpnbgkaekopldbncmggaejjamkemn-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-pjkljhegncpnkpknbcohdijeoejaedia-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/chromium-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/clamtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/classicmenu-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/classicmenu-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/claws-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/clipit-trayicon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cmake-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cmake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/code-insiders.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/code-oss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/codium termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/color-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/colors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.alacritty.Alacritty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.anydesk.Anydesk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.axosoft.GitKraken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.azuredatastudio.oss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.bitwarden.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.brave.Browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.bxabi.bumblebee-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.lrfviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.chez.GrafX2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.client.Seafile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.deepin.Music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.deepin.ScreenShot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.discordapp.Discord.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.dropbox.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.elsevier.MendeleyDesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.endlessnetwork.tankwarriors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.getferdi.Ferdi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.getmailspring.Mailspring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.getpostman.Postman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gigitux.gtkwhats.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.Eloston.UngoogledChromium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.IsmaelMartinez.teams_for_linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.JannikHv.Gydl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.PintaProject.Pinta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.imageburner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.screencast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.bajoja.indicator-kdeconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.bilelmoussaoui.Authenticator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.bitseater.weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.dahenson.agenda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.debauchee.barrier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.dejvino.birdie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.donadigo.eddy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.eneshecan.WhatsAppForLinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.flxzt.rnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.geigi.cozy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.hluk.copyq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.iwalton3.jellyfin-media-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.iwalton3.jellyfin-mpv-shim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.lainsce.notejot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.lainsce.palaura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.libresprite.LibreSprite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.micahflee.torbrowser-launcher.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.rapidfingers.translator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.ronnydo.colorpicker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.rssguard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.timecraft.notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.wwmm.easyeffects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.wwmm.pulseeffects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.xournalpp.xournalpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.zadam.trilium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.sysmonitordash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.tiledmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.todolist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gitlab.ColinDuquesnoy.MellowPlayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gitlab.davem.ClamTk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.giuspen.cherrytree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gnome.Software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gnome.software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.google.AndroidStudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.google.Chrome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.hamrick.VueScan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.CLion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.DataGrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.GoLand.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Ultimate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.PhpStorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.PyCharm-Community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.PyCharm-Professional.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.Rider.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.WebStorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jgraph.drawio.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.leagueoflegends.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.librehat.yahooweather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.mastermindzh.tidal-hifi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.mattermost.Desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.meetfranz.Franz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.microsoft.Edge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.microsoft.Teams.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.musixmatch.Musixmatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.netease.CloudMusic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.notepadqq.Notepadqq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.obsproject.Studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.orama_interactive.Pixelorama.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.parsecgaming.parsec.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.prusa3d.PrusaSlicer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.rawtherapee.RawTherapee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.rosegardenmusic.rosegarden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.seafile.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.simplenote.Simplenote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.skype.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.slack.Slack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.spotify.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.stremio.Stremio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.sublimetext.three.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.teamspeak.TeamSpeak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.transmissionbt.Transmission.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.tutanota.Tutanota.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.unity.UnityHub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.uploadedlobster.peek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.usebottles.bottles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.valvesoftware.Steam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code.insiders termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code.oss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.vscodium.codium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wire.WireDesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.etmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.pdfmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.wppmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.wpsmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.xamarin.MonoDevelop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/computer-log-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/config-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/configure-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/conky-logomark-violet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cqcb.plasma.webslice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cryptfolder-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cryptkeeper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-cat-hardware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-date-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-desklets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-drivers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-fonts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-power.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-privacy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-tablet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-tiling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-user-accounts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cuckoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/cumulus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/customdesktopmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/davinci-resolve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dayfolder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dbeaver-ee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ddm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/de.haeckerfelix.Shortwave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/de.haeckerfelix.gradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/debian-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/debian-plymouth-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/debian-swirl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-appstore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-boot-maker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-deb-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-devicemanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-emacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-font-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-game-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-graphics-driver-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-image-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-multitasking-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-scanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-screen-recorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-software-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-system-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-translator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/designer5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/desmume.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dhcpcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/discord-ptb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/disk-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/diskmonitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-xubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/dockx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/docky.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/document-open-recent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/documentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/drakmenustyle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/draksec-mdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/drakstats.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/drawio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/driver-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/drracket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/easytag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/edile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/edit-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/edu.mit.Scratch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/egs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/element-desktop-bin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/element.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs-nox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs-snapshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/endeavouros-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/endeavouros.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/engrampa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/eog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/eom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ephoto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany-gecko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany-webkit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/epulse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/eradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/etcher-electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppPlex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppYoutube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppYoutubeMusic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/evince.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution-memos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/exfalso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fceu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fcitx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fcitx_ubuntukylin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fedora-logo-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fedora-release-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/feedreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/file-archiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/file-roller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/filelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-3.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-3.5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-4.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-beta-bin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-bin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-developer-edition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-esr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-gtk3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-mozilla-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-original.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-trunk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/flegita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/florence.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fluid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fonts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/footnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fr.free.Homebank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fr.handbrake.ghb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/freecad-daily.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/freetube-bin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/fritzing_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/furiusisomount.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/galculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/galeon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcbalculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcleaner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcolor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcolor2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcolor3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gdebi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gdmap_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/geary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gedit-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gedit-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/geeqie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/geogebra-classic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gimp-2.10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/girl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gis-weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gkrellm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/glade-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/glipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/glippy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/glrp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/glxinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmail-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmail-notify-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmail-plasmoid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmailwatcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmusicbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnethogs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-2048.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-abrt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-aisleriot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-alsamixer-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-app-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-apt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-baker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-books.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-character-map.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-characters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-clocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-color-chooser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-contacts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-control-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-device-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-disks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-emacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-encfs-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-gmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-gmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-hideseek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-internet-radio-locator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-internet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-logout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-logs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mouse-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-multi-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-nettool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-nettools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-network-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-networktool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-paint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-screenshoot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-window-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-workspace-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-planner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-power-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-remote-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-screenruler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-search-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-searchtool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-halt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-hebirnate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-set-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-accessibility-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-ui-behavior.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-shutdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-sound-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-status.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-sticky-notes-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-system-log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-system-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-text-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-tracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-translate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-tweak-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-twitch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-user-share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-video-arcade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-volume-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-xterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnomeradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnucash-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnucash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnupg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnuradio-grc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/goa-account-owncloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/goa-account-twitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/goldendict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/google-chrome2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/googlechrome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/googledrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gparted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpaste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpicview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gprename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpxsee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/graphics-viewer-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/grive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gscan2pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gsmartcontrol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gstreamer-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gthumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk-lshw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk-recordmydesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk-redshift.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk3-widget-factory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk4-widget-factory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtkam-camera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/guayadeque.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gvfsd-archive-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gvim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gwenview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/gydl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/h2-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/harddrake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hardinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/haruna.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/help-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/help-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hexchat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/higan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hotwire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hourglass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hplip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/htop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/hwbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ibus-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/icedove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/idea-ultimate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/idea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/im.pidgin.Pidgin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/im.riot.Riot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/image-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/imagewriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/in.p1x.TanksOfFreedom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-keylock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-privacy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-sound-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-stickynotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-virtual-box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/info.cemu.Cemu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/info.mumble.Mumble.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/inkscape-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/instantbird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-ce.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-community_intellij-idea-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-ue-bundled-jre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-ultimate-edition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-ultimate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij_idea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-feed-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-news-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.atom.Atom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.atom.electron.BaseApp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.beekeeperstudio.Studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.bit3.WhatsAppQT.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.brackets.Brackets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.element.Element.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.elementary.appcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.freetubeapp.FreeTube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.Celluloid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.Fontforge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.GnomeMpv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.Hexchat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.NhekoReborn.Nheko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.Pithos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.celluloid_player.Celluloid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.gitahead.GitAhead.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.gustavoperedo.VideoDownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.mimbrero.WhatsAppDesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.mujx.Nheko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.qtox.qTox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.rinigus.PureMaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.shiftey.Desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.spacingbat3.webcord.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.wereturtle.ghostwriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.gitlab.LibreWolf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.gitlab.jstest_gtk.jstest_gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.gitlab.librewolf-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.lbry.lbry-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.lmms.LMMS.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.mpv.Mpv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.neovim.nvim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.raindrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/iso-image-burn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/istanbul.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-1.6.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-1.7.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-1.8.0-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-1.8.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-10-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-11-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-12-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-17-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java10-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java11-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java17-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/java9-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/javaws.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jellyfin-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-clion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-datagrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-goland.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-phpstorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-pycharm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-rider termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-webstorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jockey-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/joplin-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/jstest-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/juffed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/k3b.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kali-macchanger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kali-reporting-tools-trans.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kali-wireshark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kalu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kamerka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kamoso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kazam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kbugbuster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kcalc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kchmviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kclock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kcmpci.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kcolorchooser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kcoloredit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kde-im-log-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdepim-dropbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdepim-googledrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdiskfree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdoubanfm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kentoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/keyring-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kfind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kfm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kgpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kid3-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kimtoy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kipi-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kipi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kleopatra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/klipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmousetool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/knetwalk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/knotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/konqueror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/konsole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/konsolekalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kopete2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/korg-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/korg-todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kpackage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kpat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kpk-desktop-xfce.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kradio4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krdc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krunner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krusader_blue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/krusader_red.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kscreengenie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kscreensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ksnapshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ksysguard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktnef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktouch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kube-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kwikdisk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/kwrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lbreakout2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/leafpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/library-internet-radio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev7.5-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev7.5-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev7.5-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev7.5-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev7.5-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev7.5-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev7.5-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev7.5-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/libresprite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/liferea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/linguist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/linguist5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/litenetworkshares.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/logisim-icon-128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/logview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/logviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lrfviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lshw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lubuntu-software-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris_aseprite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris_epic-games-store.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris_kpatience.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris_terraria.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris_the-dark-mod.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris_war-thunder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lximage-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lximage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/lxterminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/macchanger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mail-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mailnag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/makehuman_bg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mandrivaupdate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/manjaro-welcome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/manjaro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/martchus.syncthingplasmoid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-disk-usage-analyzer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-indicator-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-netspeed-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-network-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-panel-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-panel-window-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-power-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-sensors-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-sticky-notes-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-system-log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/matepalimpsest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/matlab-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mattermost-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/maya.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/md.obsidian.Obsidian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/me.hyliu.fluentreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/me.kozec.syncthingtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/media-downloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/media-player-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/medit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mednafen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mendeleydesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/menu-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/menulibre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/microsoft-edge-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/microsoft-edge-dev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/microsoft-office-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/minecraft-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintdrivers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintinstall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintreport.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintsources-keys.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintsources-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintstick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintupdate-release-upgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintupdate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintwelcome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mixxx-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mkv-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mkvtoolnix-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/monero-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mongodb-compass-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mousepad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mozilla-firefox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mozo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mscore-portable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mscore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mugshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multibootusb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-volume-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multisystem-liveusb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multisystem-vbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multisystem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/multitasking-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/muondiscover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mupdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mygpo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/mypaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nemo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/neovide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nestopia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.agalwood.Motrix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.ankiweb.Anki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.blockbench.Blockbench.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.cozic.joplin_desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.lutris.Lutris.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.mullvad.MullvadBrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.pcsx2.PCSX2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.poedit.Poedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.rpcs3.RPCS3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.atanks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.btanks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.liferea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.xournal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/netbeans-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/network-defaultroute.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/network-firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/network-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nl.hjdskes.gcolor3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nocover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nocturn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nomacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/notepad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ntfs-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_plex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_spotify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_youtube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-310-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-current-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-current-updates-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-drivers-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-x-server-setting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-x-server-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/obs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/office-addressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/office-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/okular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/onlyoffice-desktopeditors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openshot-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/openterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/opera-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/opera-developer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle-javaws.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle-sqldeveloper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle_java6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle_java7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle_java8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle_java9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/orage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/orage_globaltime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.DolphinEmu.dolphin-emu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.Keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.apache.directory.studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.apache.netbeans.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.ardour.Ardour.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.audacityteam.Audacity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.avidemux.Avidemux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.blender.Blender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.bunkus.mkvtoolnix-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.clementine_player.Clementine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.codeblocks.codeblocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.communia.ttrssPocket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.daa.NeovimGtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.darktable.Darktable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.desmume.DeSmuME.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron2.BaseApp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron3.BaseApp.svg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron4.BaseApp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.fcitx.Fcitx5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.fedoraproject.MediaWriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.ferdium.Ferdium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.filezillaproject.Filezilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.flameshot.Flameshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.fontforge.FontForge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.freecadweb.FreeCAD.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.GlxInfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.GnomeAbrt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.freeplane.App.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.fritzing.Fritzing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gabmus.gnome-feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gajim.Gajim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.geany.Geany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.geogebra.GeoGebra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.getmonero.Monero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.ghidra_sre.Ghidra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gimp.GIMP.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Aisleriot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ArchiveManager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Bijiben.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Books.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Boxes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.BreakTimer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Characters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Cheese.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Clocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Contacts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.DejaDup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.DiskUtility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Eolie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Epiphany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Evince.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.FeedReader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.FileRoller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.GHex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Geary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Glade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Gnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Logs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Lollypop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Meld.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Mines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.MultiWriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Polari.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Rhythmbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Rhythmbox3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Shotwell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SimpleScan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SoundRecorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SystemMonitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.TextEditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Tomboy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Totem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Usage.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Weather.Application.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Yelp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.baobab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.bijiben.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.books.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.cheese.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.clocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.eog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.epiphany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.font-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gThumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ghex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.lollypop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.meld.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.polari.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.seahorse.Application.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.totem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.tweaks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.weather.application.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnucash.GnuCash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.godotengine.Godot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gpodder.gpodder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gtkhash.gtkhash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.hydrogenmusic.Hydrogen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.inkscape.Inkscape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.jabref.jabref.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.jdownloader.JDownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.joplinapp.joplin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.akregator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.archUpdate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.arianna.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.ark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.cantor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.contrib.dayofmonth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.contrib.dayofweek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.discovernotifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.elisa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.falkon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.filelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.gwenview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.haruna.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kalk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kcalc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kclock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdeconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdenlive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdevelop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kfind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.knetwalk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kolourpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.konsole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kontact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kpat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.krdc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.krita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.ktorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.ktpcontactlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kwrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.latte.plasmoid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.latte.separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.lokalize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.marble.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.milou.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.networkMonitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.okular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.pix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.activitybar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.activitypager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.advancedradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.audiodeviceswitcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.awesomewidget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.clipboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.colorpicker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.diskquota.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.eventcalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.gmailfeed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.katesessions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.keyboardindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.konsoleprofiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.lock_logout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediacontroller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediacontrollercompact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediaframe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.multimediacontrols.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.qalculate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.quickshare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showActivityManager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showactivitymanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemloadviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskactivity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskusage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.net.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systempanel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemtray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.webbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasmatube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.popupLauncher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.redshiftControl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.resourcesMonitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.shutdownOrSwitch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.skrooge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.thermalMonitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.weatherWidget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.yakuake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kicad_pcb.KiCad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libretro.RetroArch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.mixxx.Mixxx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.Firefox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.Thunderbird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.firefox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.musescore.MuseScore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.musicbrainz.Picard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.mypaint.MyPaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.nextcloud.Nextcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.o20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.octave.Octave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.onionshare.OnionShare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.onlyoffice.desktopeditors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.openscad.OpenSCAD.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.openshot.OpenShot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.phoenicis.playonlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.pitivi.Pitivi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.qbittorrent.qBittorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.qgis.qgis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.remmina.Remmina.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.ryujinx.Ryujinx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.shadowsocks.qt5client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.signal.Signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.standardnotes.standardnotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.stellarium.Stellarium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.strawberrymusicplayer.strawberry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.supertux.SuperTux-Milestone1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.supertuxproject.SuperTux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.telegram.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.texstudio.TeXstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.tordini.flavio.Minitube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.tuxpaint.Tuxpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.videolan.VLC.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.vim.Vim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.wireshark.Wireshark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.appfinder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.mailreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.mousepad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.actions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.applicationsmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.pager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.statustray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.parole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.powermanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.ristretto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.screenshooter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.session.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.appearance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.default-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.taskmanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.terminalemulator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.webbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.workspaces termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfburn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdashboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.yuzu_emu.yuzu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.zealdocs.Zeal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.zotero.Zotero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/osmo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/osu-lazer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/overgrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/p7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/package-manager-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/package_development.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/package_edutainment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/package_games_arcade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/package_games_card.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/package_utilities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/palaura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/palimpsest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pamac-manager-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pamac-updater.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pamac.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/parcellite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/parole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/passwords.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pavucontrol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pcsx2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pgAdmin4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pgadmin3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pgadmin4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/phonon-gstreamer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/photoqt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pick-colour-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pirut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pithos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/planner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/planwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plasma-desktop-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plasmadiscover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plex-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plex-media-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plexmediamanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plexmediaplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plexmediaserver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/plv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/polari.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-os-logo-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-os.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop_os.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/popcorntime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/porthole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/postscript-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-calendar-and-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-certificates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-composer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-font-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-locale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-personal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-workspaces.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-kde-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-power-management.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-privacy-housekeeping.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-sharing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-tabbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-windows-effect-flipswitch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/protonvpn-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/prusa-slicer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/prusaslicer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/psensor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharm-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharm-education.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharm-professional.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/python2.7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/python2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/python3.8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/python3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qdbusviewer5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qdirstat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-aarch64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-arm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-i386.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-x86_64-spice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-x86_64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qjoypad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qlandkartegt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qlipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qmapshack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt-creator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt4-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt4logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt5-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtcreator_logo_32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtcreatorubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qterminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtlogo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtoctave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/quiterss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/radio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/radiotray-ng-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/re.rizin.cutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/realvnc-vncviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/record-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/recordmydesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/redhat-web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/redshift-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/redshift-icon-256.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/redshiftgui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/relay.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/repository.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rest.insomnia.Insomnia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/revelation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rhythmbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ricin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/riot-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ripperx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ristretto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rosa-imagewriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rosamp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rpmdrake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rss_indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rssguard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rssnow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/rssowl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sc-controller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/scratch-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/scratch2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/screengrab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/screenruler-icon-32x32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/screenruler-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/screenruler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/screensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/scribus-ng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/scribus-trunk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/script-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/scudcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/seafile-client-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/seafile-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/seahorse-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/seahorse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/setroubleshoot_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sh.ppy.osu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/shotwell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/showfoto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/signal-desktop-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/skypeforlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sleep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/slic3r-prusa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/smartcode-stremio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/smtube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-properties-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-update-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-update-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/softwarecenter-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/softwarecenter-ubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/softwarecenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sonata.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/soundconverter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spacefm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spectacle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotify-linux-48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotify-linux-512x512.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/spyder3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ssh-askpass-gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-antergos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-archlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-fedora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-gentoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-linux-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-manjaro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-opensuse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-pop-os.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-ubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-xfce.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_105600.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_1449850.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_1572920.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_236390.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_404790.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_431730.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/steampowered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sticky-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_alarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_keyring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_view-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_xfburn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/streamlink-twitch-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-text-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-text-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-text2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime_text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublimetext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jre10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jre8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jre10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jre8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jre10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jre8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/supertux2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sweeper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/sylpheed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/syncthing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/syncthingtray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-config-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-config-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-restart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-shut-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-software-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/systemtray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tdescreensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/teams.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/teamspeak3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/telegram-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/terminal-tango.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/text-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunderbird-3.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunderbird-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunderbird-mozilla-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunderbird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tilda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tilix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tomboy-ng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tomboy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tools-report-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tor-browser-en.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tor-browser-ru.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tor-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/torbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/totem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/toxygen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/translator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/transmission-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/transmission-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/transmission-remote-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/trilium-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tuxboot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tv.kodi.Kodi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/tv.plex.PlexDesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubinary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-cleaner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-kylin-software-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-logo-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-mate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-qtcreator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntusoftware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/uget-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/uk.co.ibboard.cawbird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ukuu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unetbootin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-datetime-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-lens-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-power-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-scope-gdrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-sound-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-gmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/update-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/update-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/us.zoom.Zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/usb-creator-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/usb-creator-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-energy-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-file-archiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/uxterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/veracrypt.xpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/video-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/viewnior.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vim-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vimlogo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vinagre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/virt-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/virtualbox-ose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/visual-studio-code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vivaldi-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vivaldi-snapshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vivaldi-stable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmnetcfg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmware-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vnc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vncviewer48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vokoscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vscode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/vuescan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/waterfox-classic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/waterfox-current.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/waterfox-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wazzapp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/weather-widget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/web-google-drive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/web-google-gmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/webbrowser-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/webcamoid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/webcord.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/weechat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsapp-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsapp-for-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsapp-nativefier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsdesk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wine-notepad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wire-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wolfram-mathematica.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wordpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-pdfmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-etmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-kprometheus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-pdfmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-wppmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-wpsmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/www-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/x-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xarchiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xchat-gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xchm-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xclipboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfburn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfcalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-mount.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-newmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-schedule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-sensors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-system-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-system-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-appfinder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-clipman-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-dict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-indicator-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-mcs-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-menueditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-mixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-netload-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-panel-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-power-manager-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-system-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-timer-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-timer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-workspaces.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4_xicon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce_unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfpm-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-logout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-reboot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-shutdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/ximian-evolution-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xmms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xournalpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xsane.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xscreensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xsensors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xterm-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xterm-color_48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xvidcap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/xviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yakuake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-checkmedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-disk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-hardware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-host.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-inetd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-iscsi-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-kerberos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-ldap-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-messages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-network_services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-nfs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-nis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-ntp-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-online_update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-powertweak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-proxy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-release-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-samba-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-samba-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-scanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-security.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-sw_single.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-sw_source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-timezone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-vendor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-vm-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/youtube-dl-gui_48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/youtube-dl-qt-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/youtube-dl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/youtube-dlg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yumex-dnf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/yumex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zanshin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zathura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zen-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zenmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zeroinstall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zoom-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zoom-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/apps/scalable/zsnes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-removable-media-usb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/media-optical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/devices/scalable/phone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-excel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-illustrator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-msexcel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-msword-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-msword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-rtf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.appimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.cryptomator.encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.cryptomator.vault.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-apps.document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-apps.spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.doc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.sheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-project.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.palm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.rar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.squashfs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.visio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-7z-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-7z-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-abiword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ankiaddon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-apkg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-applix-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-arc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-arj.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-awk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cabri.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cd-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cpio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-drgeo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-egon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-excel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gnome-theme-package-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gnumeric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gzpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ipynb+json.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-k3b.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kontour.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kontur.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kseg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ktheme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kudesigner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kvs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kvtml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kwordquiz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lhz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lz4-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lzma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lzpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ms-wim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-msexcel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-mswrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-planner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-project.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ptoptimizer-script.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-python-bytecode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-qemu-disk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-quattropro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-rar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-raw-disk-image-xz-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-rpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-shar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-shellscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-siag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-source-rpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-stuffit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tarz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tgif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-theme-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tzo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.kplato.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.kplato.work.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.kugar.mixed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.plan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.plan.work.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-wine-extension-msp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-xz-pkg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-xzpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-zoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-css.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-bmp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-gif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-jpeg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-png.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-svg+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-tiff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-vnd.adobe.photoshop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-adobe-dng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-emf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-eps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-tga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-win-bitmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-wmf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-xfig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.imap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.kbattleship.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.ntp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.pop3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.HVAC1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.LightingControls1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.RAClient1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.RADiscoveryAgent1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.RAServer1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.RemoteUIClientDevice1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.RemoteUIServerDevice1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.SolarProtectionBlind1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/media-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-master-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-master-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-text-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-text-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/package-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-asc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-ddf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-dem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-dt0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-dxf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-gml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-img.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-qlr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-shp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-css.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-csv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-enriched.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-markdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-richtext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-rust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-tab-separated-values.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-troff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-c++src.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-cpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-perl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-python3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-scss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-doc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-dot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-et.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-ett.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-wps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-wpt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-xls.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-xlt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-document-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/bookmarks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-documents-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-download-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-downloads-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-downloads.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-picture-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-picture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-remote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-templates-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/folder-videos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/network-server-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/network-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/start-here-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-home-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/16/user-trash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/cs-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/folder-public.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/gtk-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/places/48/inode-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/XrendrMixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/access.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/accessibility-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/accessibility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/accessibility_section.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/amarok_change_language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/applications-education-language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/applications-graphics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/applications-interfacedesign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/ax-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/beryl-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/com.github.zren.presentwindows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/computer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/config-language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-backgrounds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-cat-appearance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-notifications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-region.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-screen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-themes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-universal-access.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cups.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/disper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/display-capplet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-color-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-display-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-panel-notification-area.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-panel-window-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-settings-background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-settings-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/grandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gsd-xrandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gtk3-icon-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/help-faq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/kaccess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/kali-p0f.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/kjobviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/klettres.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/knotify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/kpersonalizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/ksmserver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/locale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/lokalize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/lookswitcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-ax-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-notification-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-panel-notification-area.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-panel-window-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-preferences-desktop-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/metacity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/notifyconf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/obconf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/openoffice4-printeradmin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/orca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.gnome.ColorViewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.kde.plasma.frame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.kde.plasma.kickerdash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.kde.plasma.notifications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.kde.plasma.windowlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.xfce.notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/package_graphics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/plasma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/plasmagik.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/plasmashell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/plugin-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-notifications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-notifications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-tweaks-shadows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-wallpaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/printer1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/printersandfax_q4os_startmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/printmgr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/proxy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/q4_netcon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/randr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/resapplet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/simple-ccsm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/system-config-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/system-config-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/system-lock-screen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/tdenetworkmanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/unity-color-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/unity-display-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/window-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/window_list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/wmtweaks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce-ui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-backdrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-color-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-notifyd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-ui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfdashboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-device-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-dsl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-fcoe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-lan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-network-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-sysconfig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-Candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-system-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/Finished.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/Info-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/SuggestionError.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/SuggestionTM.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/action-rss_tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/add-files-to-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/add-folder-to-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/add-placemark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/addressbook-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/adress-book-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/akonadiconsole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-importdir.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-importimages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_change_language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_lyrics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_playcount.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/amarok_scripts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/application-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/applications-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/archive-extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/archive-insert-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/archive-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/archive-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/arrow-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/arrow-left-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/arrow-right-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/arrow-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/audio-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/audio-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/blueman-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/blueman-send-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/blueman-trust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/blueman-untrust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/blurimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bonobo-component-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmark-add-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmark-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmark-new-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmark-toolbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmark_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmarks-organize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bookmarks_list_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bqm-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bqm-addqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bqm-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bqm-diff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bqm-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bqm-rmqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/bqm-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/browser-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/burst.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/button_cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cab_extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cab_view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/character-set.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/check-filled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/checkbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/checkmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/chronometer-lap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/chronometer-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/chronometer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/clock-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cloud-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cloud-upload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_briefview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_columnsview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_multirename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_options.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_packfiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_syncdirs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_thumbnailsview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cm_viewhistorynext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/collection-rescan-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/colormanagement.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/colors-luma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/configuration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cookies.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/copy-coordinates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/currenttrack_pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/currenttrack_play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cursor-arrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cvc-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cvc-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cvc-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cvc-disconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/cvc-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/debug-step-into-instruction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-icon-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-memory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-object-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-scripts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-transform.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dialog-yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dirsync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-cleanup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-decrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-edit-verify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-export-ocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-export-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-import-ocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-open-data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-open-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-open-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-preview-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-print-direct.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-print-frame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/document-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/documentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/documentinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/download-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/download-later.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow-back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-ellipse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-freehand.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-polygon-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-rectangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/dynamic-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-delete-shred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-find-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-find-project.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-find-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-image-face-detect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-image-face-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-map.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/edit-undo-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/editclear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/editcopy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/editcut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/editdelete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/editimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/editpaste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/enterprise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/epiphany-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/exifinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/extract-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/favorites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-bopomofo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-kbd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-wbpy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fcitx-zhuyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/feed-subscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/file-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/file-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filefind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-album-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-bpm-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-comment-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-composer-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-dash-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-filetype-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-genre-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-group-length.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-group-tracks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-ignore-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-last-played.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-sample-rate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filename-year-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filenew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fileopen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fileprint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filequickprint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/filesave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fileview-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fill-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/fitmanual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/folder-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/folder-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/folder_color_picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/folder_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/followmouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-align-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-border-style.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-disconnect-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-fill-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-list-ordered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-stroke-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/format-text-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-config-background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-config-custom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-config-options.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-config-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-endturn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-highscores.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/games-solve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/geany-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/geany-close-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/geany-save-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/get-hot-new-stuff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/giggle-diff-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/giggle-history-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/giggle-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/giggle-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/globe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gnome-app-install-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gnome-lockscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gnome-searchtool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-down-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-first-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-first-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-home-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-jump-locationbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-jump-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-last-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-last-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-next-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-next-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-previous-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-previous-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/go-up-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gohome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gpgsm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-note-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-tag-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-tags-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-tags-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-task-dismiss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-task-done.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-task-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-task-undismiss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-task-undone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtg-work.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-authentication.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-bold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-cdrom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-color-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-disconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-execute.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-find-and-replace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-floppy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-go-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-go-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-goto-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-goto-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-indent-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-indent-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-index.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-italic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-justify-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-justify-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-justify-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-justify-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-media-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-quit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-select-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-spell-check.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/gtk-zoom-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-activity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-add-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-complete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-picture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-presets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-showqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hb-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-contextual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-donate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-feedback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help-whatsthis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hidemouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/history_entry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/hook-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/identity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-aim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-ban-kick-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-local-xmpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-message-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/im-nov.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-adjust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-auto-adjust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-loading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/image-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/imagecomment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-horizontal-rule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-table-of-contents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/insert-tableofcontents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/internet-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/internet-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/invertimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/irc-channel-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/irc-close-channel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/irc-join-channel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/irc-operator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/irc-unvoice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/irc-voice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/items-tags.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-copy-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-open-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-quit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-resize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-rotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-tools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-upload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-utils.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/itmages-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-add-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-deleffect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-snap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zone-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zone-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kdocumentinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kfm_home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kmouth-phrase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kmouth-phrasebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/knotes_alarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/knotes_date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/knotes_delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kontes_close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_diskusage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_jumpback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_mountman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_setjumpback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-add-feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-change-tracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-check-data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-chunks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-info-widget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-plugins.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-queue-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-remove-feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-restore-defaults.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-show-statusbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-start-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/kt-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/ktnef_extract_to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/label-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-transform-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/layer-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lens.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/libpeas-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lighttableadd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/list-add-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/list-resource-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/loved_radio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lpi-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lpi-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/lpi-translate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-encrypted-part.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-flagged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-folder-inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-folder-outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-forwarded-replied.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-forwarded.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-unread-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-replied.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-custom-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-custom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-sent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-signature-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-signed-fully.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-signed-part.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-signed-verified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-signed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail_forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail_reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/mail_replyall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-album-cover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-import-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-track-add-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-track-edit-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/media-track-remove-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/meeting-attending-tentative.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/meeting-attending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/meld-version-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/menu_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/menu_new_sep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/milestone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/multimedia-volume-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/music-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/nemo-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/new-audio-alarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/news-subscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/nocover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/noisereduction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/non-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-group-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-inverse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-order-back-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-order-back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-order-front-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-order-front.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-order-lower-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-order-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-order-raise-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-order-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-ungroup-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/object-visible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/oilpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/open-for-editing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/open-magnet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/open-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/overexposure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/package_settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/page-zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/pdf-annotations.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/photos-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_rew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/player_stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/playlist-sort.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/podcast-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/podcast-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-fuzzy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-status-automatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-status-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-status-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/poedit-validate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/polygon-add-nodes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/polygon-merge-nodes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/postalcode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/preferences-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/preferences-system-session-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/preferences-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/preflight-verifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/privatebrowsing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/project-development-close-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/project-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/quickopen-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/quickview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-branch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-changes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-compare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-diff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-drive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-push.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-switch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rabbitvcs-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/ratiocrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/redhat-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/reload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/reload3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/reload_all_tabs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/reload_page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/remove-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/resource-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rhythmbox-set-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rime-im.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/rime-latin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/routeplanning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-clean.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/run-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/search-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/select-rectangular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/selection-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/setroubleshoot_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/settings-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/shape-choose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/shear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/shoot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/show-dialogs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/show-grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/show-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/sidebar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/similarartists-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/slideshow-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/smallclock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/social.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/sort-presence.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/spacefm-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/speaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/speedometer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/split.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/star-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/star-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/sticky_zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_add-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_calc-accept.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_calc-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_check-filled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_contact-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_file-properites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_file-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_first.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_folder-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_folder-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_folder_properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_insert-note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_insert-rule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_insert-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_last.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-compose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-send-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_media-fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_media-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_media-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_media-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_media-prev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_media-rec.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_media-rew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_media-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_navigator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_new-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_new-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_new-bcard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_new-dir.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_new-tab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_new-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_new-window.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_not.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_print-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_redo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_score-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_score-higher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_score-highest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_score-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_score-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_score-lowest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_score-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_select-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_select-row.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_shared-by-me.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_shared-to-me.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_show-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_task-assigned-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_task-assigned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_task-recurring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_text-monospaced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_timezone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_video-conferencing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_view-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_volume.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stock_zoom-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/story-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/straight-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-bevel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-miter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/symbols.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/system-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/system-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/system-upgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab-close-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab-detach.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab_duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tab_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-addressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-events.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-places.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tag-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tap-create.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tap-extract-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tap-extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/task-attempt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/task-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/task-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text-speak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text_subscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/text_superscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tiny-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tiny-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool-animator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool-pointer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool_curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool_elliptical_selection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool_polygon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/tools-wizard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transfers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-crop-and-resize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/transform-scale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/underexposure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/upcomingevents-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/upindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/upload-media.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/user-group-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/user-group-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/user-group-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/user-identity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/user-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/videoclip-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-agenda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-time-spent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-catalog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-categories.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-certificate-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-choose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-file-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-list-icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-list-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-subtitles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-title.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-media-visualization.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-pim-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-process-all-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-process-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-process-own.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-process-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-process-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-process-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-resource-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-right-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-split-left-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-task-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-task-child-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/viewimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/viewmagfit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/visibility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window_fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/window_nofullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-clementine-album.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-clementine-shuffle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-shape-connection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-shape-formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-shape-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-shape-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/x-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-minimize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xfce-wm-unmaximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xml-attribute-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xml-element-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xml-node-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xml-node-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/xml-text-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/y-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-best-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-double-size.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-half-size.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-in-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-in-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-select-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-select-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-select-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16/zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/16@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/Finished.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/Info-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/SuggestionError.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/SuggestionTM.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/action-rss_tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/add-files-to-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/add-folder-to-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/add-placemark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/addressbook-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/adress-book-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/akonadiconsole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-importdir.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-importimages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_change_language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_lyrics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_playcount.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/amarok_scripts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/application-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/applications-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/archive-extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/archive-insert-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/archive-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/archive-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/arrow-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/arrow-left-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/arrow-right-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/arrow-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/audio-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/audio-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/blueman-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/blueman-send-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/blueman-trust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/blueman-untrust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/blurimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bonobo-component-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmark-add-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmark-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmark-new-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmark-toolbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmark_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmarks-organize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bookmarks_list_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bqm-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bqm-addqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bqm-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bqm-diff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bqm-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bqm-rmqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/bqm-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/browser-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/burst.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/button_cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cab_extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cab_view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/character-set.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/check-filled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/checkbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/checkmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/chronometer-lap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/chronometer-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/chronometer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/clock-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cloud-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cloud-upload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_briefview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_columnsview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_multirename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_options.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_packfiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_syncdirs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_thumbnailsview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cm_viewhistorynext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/collection-rescan-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/colormanagement.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/colors-luma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/configuration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cookies.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/copy-coordinates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/currenttrack_pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/currenttrack_play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/cursor-arrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/debug-step-into-instruction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-icon-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-memory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-object-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-scripts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-transform.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dialog-yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dirsync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-cleanup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-decrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-edit-verify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-export-ocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-export-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-import-ocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-open-data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-open-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-open-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-preview-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-print-direct.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-print-frame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/document-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/documentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/documentinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/download-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/download-later.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow-back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-ellipse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-freehand.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-polygon-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-rectangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/dynamic-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-delete-shred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-find-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-find-project.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-find-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-image-face-detect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-image-face-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-map.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/edit-undo-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/editclear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/editcopy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/editcut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/editdelete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/editimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/editpaste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/enterprise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/epiphany-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/exifinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/extract-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/favorites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-bopomofo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-kbd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-wbpy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fcitx-zhuyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/feed-subscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/file-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/file-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filefind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-album-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-bpm-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-comment-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-composer-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-dash-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-filetype-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-genre-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-group-length.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-group-tracks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-ignore-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-last-played.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-sample-rate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filename-year-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filenew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fileopen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fileprint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filequickprint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/filesave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fileview-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fill-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/fitmanual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/folder-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/folder-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/folder_color_picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/folder_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/followmouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-align-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-border-style.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-disconnect-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-fill-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-list-ordered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-stroke-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/format-text-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-config-background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-config-custom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-config-options.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-config-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-endturn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-highscores.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/games-solve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/geany-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/geany-close-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/geany-save-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/get-hot-new-stuff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/giggle-diff-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/giggle-history-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/giggle-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/giggle-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/globe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gnome-app-install-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gnome-lockscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gnome-searchtool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-down-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-first-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-first-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-home-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-jump-locationbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-jump-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-last-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-last-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-next-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-next-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-previous-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-previous-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/go-up-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gohome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gpgsm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-note-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-tag-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-tags-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-tags-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-task-dismiss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-task-done.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-task-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-task-undismiss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-task-undone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtg-work.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-authentication.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-bold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-cdrom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-color-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-disconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-execute.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-find-and-replace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-floppy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-go-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-go-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-goto-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-goto-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-indent-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-indent-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-index.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-italic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-justify-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-justify-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-justify-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-justify-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-media-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-quit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-select-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-spell-check.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/gtk-zoom-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-activity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-add-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-complete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-picture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-presets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-showqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hb-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-contextual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-donate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-feedback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help-whatsthis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hidemouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/history_entry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/hook-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/identity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-aim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-ban-kick-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-local-xmpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-message-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/im-nov.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-adjust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-auto-adjust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-loading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/image-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/imagecomment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-horizontal-rule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-table-of-contents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/insert-tableofcontents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/internet-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/internet-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/invertimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/irc-channel-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/irc-close-channel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/irc-join-channel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/irc-operator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/irc-unvoice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/irc-voice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/items-tags.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-copy-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-open-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-quit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-resize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-rotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-tools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-upload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-utils.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/itmages-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-add-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-deleffect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-snap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kdocumentinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kfm_home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kmouth-phrase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kmouth-phrasebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/knotes_alarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/knotes_date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/knotes_delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kontes_close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_diskusage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_jumpback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_mountman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_setjumpback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-add-feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-change-tracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-check-data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-chunks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-info-widget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-plugins.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-queue-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-remove-feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-restore-defaults.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-show-statusbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-start-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/kt-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/ktnef_extract_to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/label-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-transform-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/layer-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lens.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/libpeas-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lighttableadd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/list-add-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/list-resource-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lpi-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lpi-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/lpi-translate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-encrypted-part.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-flagged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-folder-inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-folder-outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-forwarded-replied.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-forwarded.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-unread-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-replied.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-custom-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-custom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-sent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-signature-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-signed-fully.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-signed-part.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-signed-verified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-signed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail_forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail_reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/mail_replyall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-album-cover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-import-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-track-add-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-track-edit-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/media-track-remove-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/meeting-attending-tentative.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/meeting-attending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/meld-version-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/menu_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/menu_new_sep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/milestone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/multimedia-volume-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/music-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/nemo-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/new-audio-alarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/news-subscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/nocover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/noisereduction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/non-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-group-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-inverse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-order-back-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-order-back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-order-front-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-order-front.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-order-lower-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-order-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-order-raise-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-order-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-ungroup-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/object-visible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/oilpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/open-for-editing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/open-magnet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/open-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/overexposure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/package_settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/page-zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/pdf-annotations.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/photos-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_rew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/player_stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/playlist-sort.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/podcast-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/podcast-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-fuzzy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-status-automatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-status-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-status-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/poedit-validate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/polygon-add-nodes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/polygon-merge-nodes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/postalcode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/preferences-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/preferences-system-session-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/preferences-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/preflight-verifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/privatebrowsing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/project-development-close-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/project-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/quickopen-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/quickview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-branch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-changes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-compare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-diff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-drive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-push.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-switch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rabbitvcs-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/ratiocrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/redhat-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/reload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/reload3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/reload_all_tabs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/reload_page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/remove-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/resource-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rhythmbox-set-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rime-im.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/rime-latin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/routeplanning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-clean.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/run-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/search-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/select-rectangular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/selection-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/setroubleshoot_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/settings-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/shape-choose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/shear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/shoot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/show-dialogs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/show-grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/show-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/sidebar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/similarartists-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/slideshow-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/smallclock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/social.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/sort-presence.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/spacefm-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/speaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/speedometer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/split.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/star-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/star-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/sticky_zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_add-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_calc-accept.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_calc-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_check-filled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_contact-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_file-properites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_file-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_first.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_folder-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_folder-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_folder_properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_insert-note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_insert-rule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_insert-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_last.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-compose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-send-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_media-fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_media-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_media-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_media-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_media-prev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_media-rec.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_media-rew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_media-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_navigator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_new-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_new-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_new-bcard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_new-dir.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_new-tab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_new-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_new-window.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_not.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_print-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_redo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_score-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_score-higher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_score-highest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_score-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_score-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_score-lowest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_score-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_select-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_select-row.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_shared-by-me.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_shared-to-me.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_show-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_task-assigned-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_task-assigned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_task-recurring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_text-monospaced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_timezone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_video-conferencing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_view-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_volume.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stock_zoom-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/story-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/straight-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-bevel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-miter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/symbols.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/system-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/system-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/system-upgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab-close-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab-detach.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab_duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tab_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-addressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-events.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-places.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tag-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tap-create.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tap-extract-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tap-extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/task-attempt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/task-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/task-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text-speak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text_subscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/text_superscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tiny-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tiny-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool-animator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool-pointer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool_curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool_elliptical_selection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool_polygon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/tools-wizard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transfers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-crop-and-resize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/transform-scale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/underexposure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/upcomingevents-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/upindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/upload-media.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/user-group-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/user-group-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/user-group-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/user-identity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/user-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/videoclip-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-agenda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-time-spent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-catalog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-categories.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-choose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-file-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-list-icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-list-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-subtitles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-title.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-media-visualization.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-pim-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-process-all-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-process-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-process-own.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-process-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-process-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-process-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-resource-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-right-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-split-left-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-task-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-task-child-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/viewimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/viewmagfit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/visibility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window_fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/window_nofullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-clementine-album.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-clementine-shuffle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-shape-connection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-shape-formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-shape-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-shape-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/x-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/xml-attribute-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/xml-element-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/xml-node-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/xml-node-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/xml-text-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/y-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-best-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-double-size.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-half-size.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-in-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-in-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-select-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-select-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-select-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22/zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/Finished.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/Info-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/SuggestionError.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/SuggestionTM.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/action-rss_tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/add-files-to-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/add-folder-to-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/add-placemark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/addressbook-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/adress-book-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/akonadiconsole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/albumfolder-importdir.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/albumfolder-importimages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/albumfolder-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/albumfolder-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/albumfolder-user-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_change_language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_lyrics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_playcount.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/amarok_scripts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/application-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/applications-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/archive-extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/archive-insert-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/archive-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/archive-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/arrow-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/arrow-left-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/arrow-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/arrow-right-double.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/arrow-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/arrow-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/audio-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/audio-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/blueman-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/blueman-send-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/blueman-trust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/blueman-untrust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/blurimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bonobo-component-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmark-add-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmark-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmark-new-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmark-toolbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmark_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmarks-organize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bookmarks_list_add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bqm-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bqm-addqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bqm-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bqm-diff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bqm-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bqm-rmqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/bqm-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/browser-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/burst.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/button_cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cab_extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cab_view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/character-set.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/check-filled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/checkbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/checkmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/chronometer-lap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/chronometer-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/chronometer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/clock-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cloud-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cloud-upload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_briefview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_columnsview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_multirename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_options.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_packfiles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_syncdirs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_thumbnailsview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cm_viewhistorynext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/collection-rescan-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/colormanagement.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/colors-luma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/configuration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cookies.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/copy-coordinates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/currenttrack_pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/currenttrack_play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/cursor-arrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/debug-step-into-instruction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-filters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-icon-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-memory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-object-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-scripts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-transform.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dialog-yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dirsync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-cleanup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-decrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-edit-verify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-encrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-export-ocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-export-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-import-ocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-open-data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-open-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-open-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-preview-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-print-direct.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-print-frame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/document-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/documentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/documentinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/download-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/download-later.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-arrow-back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-arrow-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-arrow-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-arrow-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-ellipse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-freehand.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-polygon-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-rectangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/dynamic-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-delete-shred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-find-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-find-project.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-find-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-flag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-image-face-detect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-image-face-show.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-map.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/edit-undo-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/editclear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/editcopy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/editcut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/editdelete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/editimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/editpaste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/enterprise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/epiphany-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/exifinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/extract-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/favorites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-bopomofo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-kbd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-wbpy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fcitx-zhuyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/feed-subscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/file-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/file-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filefind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-album-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-bpm-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-comment-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-composer-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-dash-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-filetype-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-genre-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-group-length.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-group-tracks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-ignore-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-last-played.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-sample-rate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-track-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filename-year-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filenew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fileopen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fileprint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filequickprint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/filesave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fileview-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fill-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/fitmanual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/folder-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/folder-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/folder_color_picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/folder_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/followmouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-align-vertical-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-border-style.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-disconnect-node.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-fill-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-list-ordered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-stroke-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/format-text-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-config-background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-config-custom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-config-options.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-config-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-endturn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-highscores.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/games-solve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/geany-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/geany-close-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/geany-save-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/get-hot-new-stuff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/giggle-diff-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/giggle-history-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/giggle-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/giggle-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/globe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gnome-app-install-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gnome-lockscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gnome-searchtool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-down-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-first-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-first-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-home-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-jump-locationbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-jump-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-last-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-last-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-next-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-next-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-previous-view-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-previous-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-today.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/go-up-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gohome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gpgsm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-note-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-tag-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-tag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-tags-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-tags-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-task-dismiss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-task-done.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-task-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-task-undismiss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-task-undone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtg-work.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-authentication.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-bold.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-cdrom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-color-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-disconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-execute.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-find-and-replace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-floppy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-go-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-go-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-goto-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-goto-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-indent-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-indent-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-index.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-italic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-justify-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-justify-fill.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-justify-left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-justify-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-media-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-quit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-select-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-spell-check.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/gtk-zoom-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-activity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-add-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-complete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-picture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-presets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-showqueue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hb-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-contextual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-donate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-feedback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-hint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help-whatsthis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hidemouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/history_entry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/hook-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/identity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-aim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-ban-kick-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-local-xmpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-message-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/im-nov.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-adjust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-auto-adjust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-loading.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/image-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/imagecomment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-horizontal-rule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-table-of-contents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/insert-tableofcontents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/internet-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/internet-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/invertimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/irc-channel-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/irc-close-channel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/irc-join-channel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/irc-operator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/irc-unvoice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/irc-voice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/items-tags.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-copy-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-open-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-quit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-resize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-rotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-tools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-upload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-utils.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/itmages-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-add-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-align-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-align-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-deleffect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-snap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-zone-end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdenlive-zone-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kdocumentinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kfm_home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kmouth-phrase.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kmouth-phrasebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/knotes_alarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/knotes_date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/knotes_delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kontes_close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_diskusage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_jumpback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_mountman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_setjumpback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-add-feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-change-tracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-check-data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-chunks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-info-widget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-plugins.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-queue-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-remove-feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-restore-defaults.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-show-statusbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-start-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/kt-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/ktnef_extract_to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/label-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-transform-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/layer-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lens.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/libpeas-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lighttableadd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/list-add-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/list-resource-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lpi-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lpi-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/lpi-translate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-encrypted-part.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-flagged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-folder-inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-folder-outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-forwarded-replied.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-forwarded.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-inbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-unread-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-outbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-replied.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-custom-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-custom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-sent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-signature-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-signed-fully.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-signed-part.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-signed-verified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-signed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail_forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail_reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/mail_replyall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-album-cover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-import-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-track-add-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-track-edit-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/media-track-remove-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/meeting-attending-tentative.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/meeting-attending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/meld-version-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/menu_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/menu_new_sep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/milestone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/multimedia-volume-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/music-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/nemo-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/new-audio-alarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/news-subscribe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/nocover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/noisereduction.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/non-starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-crop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-group-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-hidden.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-inverse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-order-back-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-order-back.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-order-front-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-order-front.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-order-lower-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-order-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-order-raise-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-order-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-ungroup-calligra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/object-visible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/oilpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/open-for-editing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/open-magnet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/open-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/overexposure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/package_settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/page-zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/pdf-annotations.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/photos-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player-eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_eject.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_end.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_rew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/player_stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/playlist-sort.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/podcast-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/podcast-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-fuzzy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-status-automatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-status-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-status-comment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-sync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/poedit-validate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/polygon-add-nodes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/polygon-merge-nodes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/postalcode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/preferences-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/preferences-system-session-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/preferences-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/preflight-verifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/previous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/privatebrowsing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/project-development-close-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/project-open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/quickopen-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/quickview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-branch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-changes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-commit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-compare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-diff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-drive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-export.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-import.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-merge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-push.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-rename.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-switch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rabbitvcs-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/ratiocrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/redhat-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/reload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/reload3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/reload_all_tabs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/reload_page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/remove-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/remove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/resource-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/revert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rhythmbox-set-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rime-im.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/rime-latin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/routeplanning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-clean.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/run-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/search-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/select-rectangular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-raise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/selection-top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/setroubleshoot_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/settings-configure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/shape-choose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/shear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/shoot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/show-dialogs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/show-grid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/show-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/sidebar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/similarartists-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/slideshow-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/smallclock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/social.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/sort-presence.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/spacefm-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/speaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/speedometer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/split.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/star-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/star-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/starred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/sticky_zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_add-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_calc-accept.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_calc-cancel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_check-filled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_contact-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_cut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_exit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_file-properites.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_file-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_first.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_folder-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_folder-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_folder_properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_insert-note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_insert-rule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_insert-table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_last.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_left.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-compose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-forward.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-reply.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-send-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-send.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_mark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_media-fwd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_media-next.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_media-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_media-play.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_media-prev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_media-rec.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_media-rew.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_media-stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_navigator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_new-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_new-appointment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_new-bcard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_new-dir.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_new-tab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_new-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_new-window.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_no.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_not.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_paste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_print-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_redo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_save-as.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_save.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_score-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_score-higher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_score-highest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_score-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_score-lower.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_score-lowest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_score-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_select-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_select-column.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_select-row.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_shared-by-me.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_shared-to-me.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_show-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_task-assigned-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_task-assigned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_task-recurring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_text-monospaced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_timezone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_video-conferencing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_view-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_volume.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_yes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stock_zoom-page.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/story-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/straight-connector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-bevel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-miter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/symbols.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/system-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/system-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/system-upgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab-close-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab-detach.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab_duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tab_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-addressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-events.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-places.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tag-reset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tap-create.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tap-extract-to.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tap-extract.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/task-attempt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/task-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/task-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text-speak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text_subscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/text_superscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tiny-pause.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tiny-start.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool-animator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool-pointer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool_curve.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool_elliptical_selection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool_polygon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/tools-wizard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/top.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transfers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-crop-and-resize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/transform-scale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/underexposure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/undo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/unlock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/upcomingevents-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/upindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/upload-media.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/user-group-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/user-group-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/user-group-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/user-identity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/user-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/videoclip-amarok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-agenda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-time-spent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-catalog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-categories.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-sign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-choose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-file-columns.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-group.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-history.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-list-icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-list-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-artist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-queue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-subtitles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-title.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-media-visualization.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-pim-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-process-all-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-process-all.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-process-own.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-process-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-process-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-process-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-resource-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-right-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-split-left-right.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-task-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-task-child-add.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-insert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/viewimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/viewmagfit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/visibility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window_fullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window_new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/window_nofullscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-clementine-album.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-clementine-shuffle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-shape-connection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-shape-formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-shape-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-shape-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-zoom-in.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/x-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/xml-attribute-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/xml-element-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/xml-node-delete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/xml-node-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/xml-text-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/y-zoom-out.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-best-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-double-size.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-half-size.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-in-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-in-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-select-fit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-select-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-select-y.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom-select.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24/zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/detach-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/fcitx-kbd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-first-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-last-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/help-about-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-sender-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-spam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/marker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pane-hide-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/pane-show-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-reboot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/system-search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/tag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-filter-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-left-pane-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/view-right-pane-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/window-maximize-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/window-restore-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/window-restore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/xapp-go-history-next-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/actions/symbolic/xapp-go-history-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage02-connecting11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/22/nm-stage03-connecting11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage02-connecting11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting01.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting02.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting03.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting04.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting05.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting06.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting07.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting08.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting09.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/animations/24/nm-stage03-connecting11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/10B4_steam.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/1CD8_rundll32.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/1E64_notepad.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/1cv8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/1cv8c.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/1password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/2048-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/2402_msiexec.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/2EF4_wordpad.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/4137_winhlp32.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/44F2_SynthesiaConfig.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/4PaneIcon48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/5961_Defunct_x86.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/5B46_Synthesia.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/63EE_sublime_text.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/67EF_addoninstaller.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/7596_iexplore.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/7765_winebrowser.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/7kaa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/7z.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/97C1_wordpad.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/A35F_hh.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AVIMetaEdit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Abricotine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Acetino2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AddressManager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeAIR.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeReader10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeReader11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeReader12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeReader8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeReader9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdobeWidgetBrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AdvancedPhoto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Alva.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Amazon-www.amazon.ca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Amazon-www.amazon.cn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Amazon-www.amazon.co.uk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Amazon-www.amazon.com.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Amazon-www.amazon.de.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Amazon-www.amazon.es.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Amazon-www.amazon.fr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Amazon-www.amazon.it.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Anatine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Appstore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Ardour-Ardour_4.0.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Ardour-icon_256px.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/AtomicGameEngine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Azureus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Blender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Botfather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/BurpSuiteCommunity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/CMakeSetup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/CMakeSetup32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Calculator.app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Camera.app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Camera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Caprine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Charmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Dictionary.app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/DictionaryReader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/EasyTAG_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Etermutilities-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/FAHControl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/FB4C_iexplore.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/FBReader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/FacebookMessenger-facebook.com.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/FoxitReader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Freeter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/GMail-mail.google.com.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/GNUMail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/GPU_Viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/GitKraken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Gitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Gmail-mail.google.com.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/GnomeBaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Grr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/IconPreview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Incredipede.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/KDiskFree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/LMMS.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/LabPlot2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/MidnightCommander.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Nextcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Nocturn-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Nocturn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/PCSX2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Panini.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/PinguyBuilder-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Pithos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QMPlay2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QMapShack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QOwnNotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QtIcon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QtProject-assistant.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QtProject-designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QtProject-linguist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QtProject-qdbusviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QtProject-qtcreator-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/QtProject-qtcreator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/RSS_feeds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/RescueTime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/SUSEgreeter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Sci48M.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ScudCloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Singular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/SpiderOak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Spotify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Stacer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Tag-Tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/TeXstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/TeXworks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/TeamViewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Temps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Thunar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/VBox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/XMind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/Xfwm4CompositeEditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/XrendrMixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aarddict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/abiword_48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/abort.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/abrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/abrt-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/abrt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/access.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessibility-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessibility_section.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-archiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-camera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-character-map.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-clipboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-document-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-ebook-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-image-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-media-converter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-painting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-text-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/accessories-thesaurus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/acestreamplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aclock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/acroread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/actionaz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/activity-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/activity-log-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/activitywatch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/administration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/adobe-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/adobeflashplugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aegisub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/air.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aircrack-ng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aircrack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/airvpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/akonadiconsole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/akonaditray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/akregator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alacarte.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alarm-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alienarena.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alienfx-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alienfx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alltomp3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/almanah.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alphaplot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/alsamixergui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amarok-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amarok2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amazon-mp3-store-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amazon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amazonclouddrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amnesia-the-dark-descent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/amulegui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/android-arc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/android-file-transfer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/android-sdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/android-studio-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/android-studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/androidstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/angrysearch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anjuta6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anjuta_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anoise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/anydo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/app.rednotebook.RedNotebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apparmor_view_profile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appeditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appgrid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-Alva.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-Freeter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-auryo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-brackets-electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-cacher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-caprine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-colorpicker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-dockstation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-downline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-draw.io.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-emacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-franz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-github-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-gravit-designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-hotspot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-hw-probe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-joplin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-kaku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-kitty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-leonflix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-odrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-pcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-raven-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-standard-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-synfigstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-trinity-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit-workflowy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit_0b58b82040223d044316bfbdc0a154c5_com.lettier.gifcurry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit_a6cf0f8bfa75c31451932761a60ce89e_elcalc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/appimagekit_a8e143359b6912b67b65aed61612e2ff_edex-ui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applet_lockkeys.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applets-screenshooter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applets-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-vidiot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-x-chemtool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-x-deb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-x-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-x-wine-extension-its.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/application-x-yarock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-accessories.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-chat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-chemistry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-debugging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-development-translation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-development-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-development.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-featured.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-fonts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-geography.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-geology.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-internet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-libraries.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-linguistics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-mathematics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-multimedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-office.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-painting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-photography.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-php.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-profiling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-programming.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-publishing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-puzzles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-python.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-ruby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-science.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-system-orange.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-utilities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-viewers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/applications-webbrowsers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apport-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apport-gtk2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apport.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apps.com.office.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/apt-url.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptana-studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptana.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptanastore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptdaemon-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptik-battery-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aptik-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aqualung.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/aquemu_48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/archive-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/archive-mounter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/archivemanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ardour2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ardour3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ardour4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ardour5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arduino-arduinoide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arduino-icon-small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arduino-ide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/areca_72x72.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/argouml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/arista.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/armoryofflineicon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/armorytestneticon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/artemanufrij.hashit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/artemanufrij.playmyvideos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/artemanufrij.screencast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/artikulate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/as-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/as-powered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ase-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/asounder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/assistant-qt4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/assistant-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/assistant.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/assistant5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/astah-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/astah-pro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/astah_community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/astahc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/asunder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atcore-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ati.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atlas.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atom-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atomix-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atomix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atril.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/atunes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audacious-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audacious-32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audacity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audacity16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audacity32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audicius.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audience.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audio-card.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audio-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audio-recorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/audoban.applet.playbar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/autoplus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/avant-window-navigator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/avidemux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/avidemux_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/avimetaedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/avogadro-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/avogadro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/awn-applet-digital-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/awn-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/awn-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/awn-plugins.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/awn-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ax-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/azpainter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/badge-small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/baloo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/banshee-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/basket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/battery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/beatbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/beryl-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/beryl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bijiben.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bitcoin-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bitcoin128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bitmap2component.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bitorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bittorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blackmagic-Fusion9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blivet-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blogilo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluedun.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blueman-device.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blueman-serial.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blueman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/blueradio-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluetooth-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluetooth-radio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bluetoothradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/boomaga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/boot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bottles_notepad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bottles_wine-uninstaller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bottles_wine-winecfg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bottles_wine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bottles_winetricks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/br.com.jeanhertel.adriconf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/brackets-electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/brasero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/brave-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/breeze-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/brightnesssettings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/browser-tor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bt-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bug-buddy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bugzilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bugzilla2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bugzilla3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bum.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/bumblebee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/byobu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/byzanz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ca._0ldsk00l.Nestopia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cacao-oj6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cacao-oj7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cacao-oj8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cacao-oj9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cairo-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/caja-actions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/caja-dropbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calamares.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calendar-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calibre-ebook-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calibre-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calibre-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calibre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/california.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligraauthor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligraflow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligragemini.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligrakarbon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligrakrita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligrakrita2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligraplan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligraplanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligraplanwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligrastage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/calligrawords.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/camara.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/camera-photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/camorama.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cantata.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/catfish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/catia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cc.arduino.arduinoide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cc3d_128x128_logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ccc-large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ccc_large.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ccsm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/celestia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ch.x29a.playitslowly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chat.delta.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chat.rocket.RocketChat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/checkbox-touch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/checkbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/checkgmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cherrytree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chessx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chmsee-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chocolate-doom-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-aohghmighlieiainnegkcijnfilokake-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-apboafhkiegglekeafbckfjldecefkhn-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-apdfllckaahabafndbhieahigkjlhalf-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-app-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-bgjohebimpjdhhocbknplfelpmdhifhd-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-bgkodfmeijboinjdegggmkbkjfiagaan-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-bllmngcdibgbgjnginpehneeofhbmdjm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-blpcfgokakmgnkcojhhkbfbldkacnbeo-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-boeajhmfdjldchidhphikilcgdacljfm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-bommmmpbplimfmebiadkflfgbgejahgm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-cjanmonomjogheabiocdamfpknlpdehm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-clhhggbfdinjmjhajaheehoeibfljjno-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-damddgdogmdhjjbgpfpgmkdgdgjhohef-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-deceagebecbceejblnlcjooeohmmeldh-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-defekohaofmambflfpfoojkmfdpcbgko-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-dihbebhmaoagdpbcnfedokpfkkgmmpgc-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-djejicklhojeokkfmdelnempiecmdomj-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-efobjgdlbfdfckkpghggmiephjgicmak-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-ejidjjhkpiempkbhmpbfngldlkglhimk-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-ejjicmeblgpmajnghnpcppodonldlgfn-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-fahmaaghhglfmonjliepjlchgpgfmobi-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-felcaaldnbdncclmgdcncolpebgiejap-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-fjliknjliaohjgjajlgolhijphojjdkc-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-fpniocchabmgenibceglhnfeimmdhdfm-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-gaedmjdfmmahhbjefcbgaolhhanlaolb-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-gbchcmhmhahfdphkhkmpfmihenigjmpp-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-gjmanaihpgjcijokbimnamcdndkffigp-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-gkcknpgdmiigoagkcoglklgaagnpojed-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-hbdpomandigafcibbmofojjchbcdagbl-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-hcglmfcclpfgljeaiahehebeoaiicbko-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-hihbikoooaenkpdooehgemieligjejcb-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-hmjkmjkepdijhoojdojkdfohbdgmmhki-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-hncfgilfeieogcpghjnnhddghgdjbekl-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-icppfcnhkcmnfdhfhphakoifcfokfdhg-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-ighkikkfkalojiibipjigpccggljgdff-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-jjphmlaoffndcnecccgemfdaaoighkel-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-jknmpnbgkaekopldbncmggaejjamkemn-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-khjnjifipfkgglficmipimgjpbmlbemd-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-lainlkmlgipednloilifbppmhdocjbda-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-lbfehkoinhhcknnbdgnnmjhiladcgbol-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-macmgoeeggnlnmpiojbcniblabkdjphe-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-mjcnijlhddpbdemagnpefmlkjdagkogk-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-mnfehgbmkapmjnhcnbodoamcioleeooe-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-ncpaehbhmfoodbceflpbdocjhpokkbmo-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-nmgfcbigejokjgholnnnipegblickgnp-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-nmmhkkegccagdldgiimedpiccmgmieda-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-ojcflmmmcfpacggndoaaflkmcoblhnbh-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-oooiobdokpcfdlahlmcddobejikcmkfo-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-pdagghjnpkeagmlbilmjmclfhjeaapaa-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chrome-pjkljhegncpnkpknbcohdijeoejaedia-Default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chromium-app-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chromium-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chromium-bsu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chromium-dev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/chromium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cinelerra-cv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cinelerra-gg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cinelerra-hv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cinelerra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cinnamon-power-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cinnamon-preferences-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/citra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clairvoyant.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clamtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/classicmenu-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/claws-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clipgrab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clipit-trayicon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clipped.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/clocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cmake-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cockos-reaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/code-exploration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/code-insiders.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/code-oss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/code_backup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/color-calibate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/colorhug-backlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/colorhug-ccmx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/colorhug-flash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/colorhug-refresh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/colorpicker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.abagames.noiz2sa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.abagames.rRootage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.abisource.AbiWord.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.adobe.Flash-Player-Projector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.albiononline.AlbionOnline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.anydesk.Anydesk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.axosoft.GitKraken.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.beakerbrowser.Beaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.bitwarden.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.bixense.PasswordCalculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.bladecoder.adventure-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.bluejeans.BlueJeans.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.bxabi.bumblebee-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.chez.GrafX2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.deepin.Calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.deepin.ImageViewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.deepin.Music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.deepin.ScreenShot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.deepin.VoiceRecorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.discordapp.Discord.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.dosbox.DOSBox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.dropbox.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.elsevier.MendeleyDesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.frac_tion.teleport.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.getpostman.Postman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.gexperts.Terminix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.gexperts.Tilix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.Cogitri.gxi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.JannikHv.Gydl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.PintaProject.Pinta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.akiraux.akira.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.alainm23.planner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.alcadica.develop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.alcinnz.odysseus-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.alcinnz.odysseus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.alecaddd.akira.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.alecaddd.sequeler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.alecaddd.taxi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.aleksandar-stefanovic.urmsimulator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.allen-b1.news.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.alonsoenrique.quotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.arshubham.cipher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.findfileconflicts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.graphui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.hashit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.imageburner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.metronome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.playmymusic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.playmyvideos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.regextester.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.screencast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.showmypictures.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.translit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.artemanufrij.webpin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.babluboy.bookworm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bajoja.indicator-kdeconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bartzaalberg.bookmark-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bartzaalberg.php-tester.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bartzaalberg.snaptastic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.basjam.valacompiler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bcedu.museic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bcedu.shutdownscheduler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bharatkalluri.easypass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bharatkalluri.gifup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bilelmoussaoui.Authenticator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.birros.WebArchives.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bitseater.weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bleakgrey.tootle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.bleakgrey.transporter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.brandonlujan.exchange.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.calo001.fondo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.cassidyjames.clairvoyant.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.cassidyjames.dippi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.cassidyjames.ephemeral.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.cassidyjames.palette.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.cassidyjames.principles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.cjfloss.envelope.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.coralynnmay.goodvibesapp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.coslyk.MoonPlayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.dahenson.agenda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.danrabbit.harvey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.danrabbit.lookbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.danrabbit.nimbus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.davidmhewitt.clipped.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.davidmhewitt.torrential.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.djaler.formatter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.donadigo.appeditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.donadigo.eddy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.eudaldgr.elements.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.fabiocolacio.marker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.geigi.cozy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.georgekap1an.chores.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.gijsgoudzwaard.image-optimizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.gkarsay.parlatype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.hannesschulze.optimizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.harisvsulaiman.pushy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.hluk.copyq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.jeremypw.gnonograms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.junrrein.PDFSlicer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.keyilan.swatches.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.kjlaw89.archetype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.kjlaw89.webwatcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.kmal-kenneth.monilet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.labyrinth_team.labyrinth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.lainsce.aesop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.lainsce.coin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.lainsce.notejot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.lainsce.palaura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.lainsce.quilter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.lainsce.yishu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.libresprite.LibreSprite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.luizaugustomm.tomato.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.marktext.marktext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.mdh34.hackup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.mdh34.quickdocs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.miguelmota.Cointop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.mirkobrombin.football.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.mirkobrombin.ppaextender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.mohelm97.screenrecorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.mubitosh.qrshare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.naaando.lyrics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.needle-and-thread.vocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.needleandthread.vocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.nick92.tranqil.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.ojubaorg.Othman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.paolostivanin.OTPClient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.parnold-x.nasc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.parnold-x.sudoku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.peteruithoven.resizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.phase1geo.minder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.philip-scott.notes-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.philip-scott.spice-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.philip-scott.wallpaperize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.philip_scott.notes-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.philip_scott.spice-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.plugarut.pwned-checker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.quaternion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.rapidfingers.translator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.rickybas.date-countdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.rkoesters.xkcd-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.robertsanseries.ciano.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.robertsanseries.karim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.ronnydo.colorpicker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.ronnydo.wammer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.rssguard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.ryanakca.slingshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.santileortiz.iconoscope.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.spheras.desktopfolder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.stsdc.monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.thejambi.dayjournal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.thejambi.psnotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.themix_project.Oomox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.timecraft.notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.tkashkin.gamehub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.torikulhabib.nino.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.unrud.djpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.wwmm.pulseeffects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.z.Cumulonimbus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.zren.commandoutput.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.zren.tiledmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.zren.todolist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.github.ztefn.haguichi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.gitlab.bitseater.meteo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.google.AndroidStudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.googleplaymusicdesktopplayer.GPMDP.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.googleplaymusicdesktopplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.grangerhub.Tremulous.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.hamrick.VueScan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.inventwithpython.flippy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.jagex.RuneScape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.jetbrains.DataGrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Ultimate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.jetbrains.PyCharm-Community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.jetbrains.WebStorm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.jgraph.drawio.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.leagueoflegends.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.lettier.gifcurry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.librehat.yahooweather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.makemkv.MakeMKV.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.mattermost.Desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.moonlight_stream.Moonlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.notepadqq.Notepadqq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.obsproject.Studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.ozmartians.VidCutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.play0ad.zeroad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.realm667.WolfenDoom_Blade_of_Agony.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.remarkable.reMarkable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.skype.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.slack.Slack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.snes9x.Snes9x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.spotify.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.stepmania.StepMania.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.sublimetext.three.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.syntevo.SmartGit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.syntevo.SmartSynchronize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.szibele.e-juice-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.teamspeak.TeamSpeak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.teeworlds.Teeworlds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.transmissionbt.Transmission.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.tux4kids.tuxmath.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.tux4kids.tuxtype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.uploadedlobster.peek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.valvesoftware.Steam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.viber.Viber.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.viewizard.AstroMenace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.visualstudio.code.oss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.visualstudio.code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.wings3d.WINGS.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.wire.WireDesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.worldoftanks.Client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.wps.Office.etmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.wps.Office.wppmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.wps.Office.wpsmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/com.xamarin.MonoDevelop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/computerjanitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/config-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/config-language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/config-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/configuration_section.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/configurator-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/configurator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/configure-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/connectBig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/contact-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/control-center2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/copyq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cpu-freq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cqcb.plasma.webslice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/credentials-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cronopete_restore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cryptfolder-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cryptkeeper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cryptomator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-applets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-backgrounds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-cat-admin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-cat-appearance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-cat-hardware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-cat-prefs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-date-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-desklets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-desktop-effects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-drivers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-extensions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-fonts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-general.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-input-method.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-login.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-notifications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-online-accounts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-power.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-privacy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-region.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-screen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-screensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-software-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-sources.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-startup-programs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-tablet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-themes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-tiling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-universal-access.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-user-accounts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cs-workspaces.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/csgo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/css.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cuckoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cumulus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cups.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cupsprinter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/customdesktopmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cutecom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cx.ring.Ring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cxmenu-cxoffice-0-crossover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cycligent-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/cycligent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/d-feet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/darktable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dassault-systemes.draftsight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dayfolder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dbeaver-ee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dconf-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dde-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dde-file-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ddm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/de.haeckerfelix.Fragments.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/de.haeckerfelix.gradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/de.manuel_kehl.go-for-it.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/de.rwth_aachen.ient.YUView.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/de.wolfvollprecht.UberWriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deb-swirl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/debian-installer-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/debian-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/debian-plymouth-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/debian-swirl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-appstore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-cloud-print-configurator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-cloud-scan-config-helper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-cloudprint-config-helper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-crossover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-deb-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-download.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-emacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-font-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-game-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-image-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-installer-oem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-manual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-media-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-movie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-music-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-remote-assistance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-repair-tools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-scanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-screen-recorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-show-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-software-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-system-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-translator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin-voice-recorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin.com.wechat.devtools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deepin.com.wechat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deezer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/defcon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/deja-dup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/designer-qt4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/designer-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/designer5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-effects.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-enviroment-gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-enviroment-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-enviroment-lxde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-environment-gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-environment-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-environment-unity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktop-icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktopconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktopfolder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desktoptrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/desmume.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/devdocs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/devede.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/devedeng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/devhelp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dfeet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dialog-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/digikam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dippi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/discord-canary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/discord-ptb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/disk-check.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/disk-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/disk-usage-analyzer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/disk-utility-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/diskmonitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/disper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/display-brightness.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/display-capplet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/display-im6.Q16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/display-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/display.im6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-archlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-elementary-os.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-elementary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-fedora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-freebsd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-kali-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-kalilinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-korora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-linux-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-lubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-manjaro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-opensuse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-ubuntu-mate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/distributor-logo-ubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dnfdragora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dockbarx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/document-open-recent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/document-print-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/document-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/documentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/docviewer-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dolphin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dont-starve-together.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/downloader-arrow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dragon-ball-xenoverse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dragonplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/drakconf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/drakmenustyle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/draksec-mdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/drakstats.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dreamchess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/driconf-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/driconf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/driver-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/drracket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dvd95.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dvd9548.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dvdisaster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dvdplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dvdrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dvdstyler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dz-client-linux-x128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/dz-client-linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/easy-ebook-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/easylife.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/easymp3gain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/easypass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/easytag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ebay.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eclipse-cdt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/edex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/edile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/edit-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/edit-urpm-sources.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eekboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eid-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eiskaltdcpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ekiga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/elcalc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/elementary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/elisa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emacs-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emacs-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emacs-nox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emacs-snapshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emacs24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emacs25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emblem-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emeral.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emerald-theme-manager-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/emerald.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/empass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/empathy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/engrampa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/enjoy-music-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/enpass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/epiphany-bookmarks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/epiphany-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/epiphany-gecko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/epiphany-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/epiphany-webkit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eric6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ericWeb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ericWeb6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/error-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/etcher-electron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/etcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/etherape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eu.blumenstingl.martin.keystateplasmoid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eu.scarpetta.PDFMixTool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eufloriahd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/everdo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/everpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evolution-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evolution-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evolution-memos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/evolution-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/exaile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/exmplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/eye.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/f-spot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/face-smile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/facebook-facebook.com.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/facebookresource.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/factorio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/falkon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fbmessenger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fbreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fceu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fceux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fcitx-sogoupinyin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fcitx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fcitx_ubuntukylin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fedora-release-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fedorasettings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/feedreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fifteenpuzzle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/file-roller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/filelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-3.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-3.5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-4.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-aurora-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-aurora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-beta-bin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-default.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-developer-edition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-developer-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-esr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-gtk3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-mozilla-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-nightly-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-nightly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-original.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-traditional.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox-trunk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firefox3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firestarter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firestorm_48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firestorm_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firewall-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/five-or-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flacon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flash-player-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flashplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flashplayerproperties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flegita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/florence.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/flowblade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fluid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fma-config-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/folder-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fondo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/font-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fonts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fontypython.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/foobnix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/footnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/formatter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fortran.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fotowall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/foxitpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/foxitreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fr.free.Homebank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fr.natron.Natron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fractal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/franz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freecad-daily.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freeciv-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freedm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freedoom1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freedoom2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freefilesync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/freetuxtv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fretsonfire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fslint_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/fwupd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/galculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/galeon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gallery-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gallery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/game.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcbalculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcleaner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcolor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcolor2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcolor3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gcompris-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gconf-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gconfeditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gda-browser-5.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gda-control-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gdeb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gdebi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gdm-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gdm-xnest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gdm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gdmap_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gdmsetup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gedit-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gedit-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/geeqie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gelemental.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/genymotion-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/geogebra-classic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gerbview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ghex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gifup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gimagereader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/girl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gis-weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/git-cola.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/git-cola_git-cola.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/git-dag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/git-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gitg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/github-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gkdebconf-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gkdebconf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gksu-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gksu-root-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gksu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/glabels-3.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/glade-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/glade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/glipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/glippy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/glrp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/glxinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmail-notify-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmail-office.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmail-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmail-plasmoid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmailwatcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmpc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmsh_32x32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gmusicbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnac.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnethogs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnibbles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnochm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-2048.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-about-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-abrt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-activity-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-aisleriot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-alsamixer-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-app-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-appfolders-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-apt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-baker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-balsa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-balsa2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-books.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-break-timer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-character-map.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-characters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-characters_gnome-characters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-chess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-clocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-color-chooser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-color-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-commander.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-contacts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-control-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-desktop-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-desktop-item-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-device-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-disks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-display-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-do-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-emacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-encfs-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-eterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-freecell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-genius.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-glchess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-glines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-gmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-gmenu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-gnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-gnibbles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-gnumeric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-hideseek.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-internet-radio-locator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-internet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-joystick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-latex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-ldraw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-lightsoff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-lockscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-logo-icon-transparent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-logo-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-logout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-logs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-logs_gnome-logs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mahjongg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mouse-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-mpv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-multi-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-nettools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-network-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-networktool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-oregano.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-other.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-paint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-drawer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-fish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-force-quit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-notification-area.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-screenshoot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-separator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-window-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-window-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel-workspace-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-planner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-pomodoro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-power-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-power-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-power-statistics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-quadrapassel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-remote-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-run.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-schedule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-screenruler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-search-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-searchtool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-session-halt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-session-hebirnate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-session-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-session-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-session-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-session.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-set-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-accessibility-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-background.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-default-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-keybinding.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-keybindings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings-ui-behavior.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-shell-extension-prefs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-shell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-shutdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-sound-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-sound-recorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-split.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-status.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-sticky-notes-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-subtitles.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-system-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-system-log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-system-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-tablet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-tali.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-taquin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-term.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-tetravex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-tracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-translate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-tweaks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-twitch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-twofactorauth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-usage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-user-share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-video-arcade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-volume-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-wacom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-window-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-wm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnome-xterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnomeradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnubik.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnucash-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnucash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnuclient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnugo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnugo48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gnuradio-grc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/go-for-it.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-exchange.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-facebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-flickr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-foursquare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-google.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-lastfm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-microsoft.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-msn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-owncloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-pocket.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-todoist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-twitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-account-ubuntusso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goa-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gogland.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goldendict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goodvibes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-agenda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-chrome-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-chrome-stable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-chrome-unstable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-chrome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-chrome2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-docs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/google-drive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/googlechrome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/googledocs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/googleearth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/goterminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gottet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gourmet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gparted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpaste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpdftext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpicview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpk-log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpk-prefs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpmdp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpx-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpxsee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gpxviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/granule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/graphui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gravit-designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/green-recorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/griffith.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grsync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/grub-customizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gscan2pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gsd-xrandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gsmartcontrol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gstreamer-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtali.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gthumb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-lshw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-redshift.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk-theme-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk3-icon-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk3-widget-factory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk4-widget-factory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtk_diskfree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtkam-camera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtkconfig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtkdiskfree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gtklick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/guake-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/guake-prefs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/guake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/guayadeque.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gufw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/guitarix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/guitarix2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/guvcview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gv_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gvim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gweled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gwenview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gxine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gxneur.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/gydl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hackup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/half-life2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hamster-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hamster-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hamster-time-tracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hangouts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/harddrake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hardinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/haroopad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/harvey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/help-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/help-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/help-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/help-faq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/help-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hi64-apps-ffado.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/higan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hipchat4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/homebank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/honicon_128x128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hotwire.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hourglass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hp-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hp-toolbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hp_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hp_logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hplip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hplj1020_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/htop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hwbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hwinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hwmonitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/hyper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/i-network-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/i2pd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-engine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-mozc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-setup-chewing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-setup-hangul.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ibus_ibus-setup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icaconfigmgr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icaconncenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icamanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icaselfservice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icecat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icedove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/iceweasel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icon-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/icono_rakarrack_128x128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/iconpreview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/id.sideka.App.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/idea-ultimate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/idea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/idjc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/idle3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/im-chooser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/im-ekiga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/im.gitter.Gitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/im.pidgin.Pidgin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/im.riot.Riot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/image-optimizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/image-viewer-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/imageburner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/imagewriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/imagination.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ime_product_icon_opensource-32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/in.p1x.TanksOfFreedom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-cpufreq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-keylock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-privacy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-sensors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-sound-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-stickynotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-virtual-box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/indicator-weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/infector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/infinifactory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/info.bibletime.BibleTime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/inkscape-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/input-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/input-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/input-tablet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/input_device_settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/instant-messenger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/instantbird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/insync-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/insync_help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intellij-idea-ce.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intellij-idea-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intellij-idea-ue-bundled-jre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intellij-idea-ultimate-edition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intellij-idea-ultimate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intellij-idea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intellij_idea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/intergalacticfm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/internet-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/internet-chat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/internet-feed-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/internet-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/internet-news-reader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/internet-telephony.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/internet-web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.ark.Desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.atom.Atom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.atom.electron.BaseApp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.botfather.Botfather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.brackets.Brackets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.designer.GravitDesigner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.elementary.code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.exodus.Exodus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.Cockatrice.cockatrice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.Fontforge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.FreeDM.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.Freedoom-Phase-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.Freedoom-Phase-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.GnomeMpv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.Hexchat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.TransmissionRemoteGtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.arunsivaramanneo.GPUViewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.betaflight.BetaflightConfigurator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.cges30901.hmtimer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.cloose.CuteMarkEd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.gillesdegottex.FMIT.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.guillaumechereau.Goxel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.janbar.noson.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.jkozera.ZevDocs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.jliljebl.Flowblade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.liberodark.OpenDrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.markummitchell.Engauge_Digitizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.martinrotter.textosaurus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.mki1967.mki3dgame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.mmstick.FontFinder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.mujx.Nheko.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.openWMail.openWMail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.qtox.qTox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.rinigus.OSMScoutServer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.rinigus.PureMaps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.github.wereturtle.ghostwriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.gitlab.Goodvibes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.gitlab.construo.construo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.gitlab.evtest_qt.evtest_qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.gitlab.jstest_gtk.jstest_gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.gitlab.osslugaru.Lugaru.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.gitlab.windstille.Windstille-0_2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.lbry.lbry-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.liri.BaseApp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.liri.Calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.liri.Text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.lmms.LMMS.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.mgba.mGBA.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.neovim.nvim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.otsaloma.nfoview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.poez.Poezio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.thp.numptyphysics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/io.webtorrent.WebTorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ipython3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/irc-chat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/iridium-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/iso-image-burn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/iso-master.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/isomaster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/istanbul.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/itunes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jackeq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jamendo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jami.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jamin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/java-1.6.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/java-1.7.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/java-1.8.0-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/java-1.8.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/java10-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/java11-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/java9-openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/javaws.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jazzradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jblue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jdev_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jdownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jeex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jgray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jgreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jockey-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jockey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jocky.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jokosher_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jred.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jstest-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/juci.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/juffed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/juk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/julia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/jyellow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/k3b.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/k4dirstat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/k9-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/k9copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kaccess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kaddressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kaffeine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kalarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kalgebrabackend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-arping.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kali-vola.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kalu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kamerka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kamoso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kamule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kanagram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kapow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kblackbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kblogger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kbounce.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kbugbuster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kcalc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kchart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kchmviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kclock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kcmkwm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kcmsound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kcnmsound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kcolorchooser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kcontrol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kde-frameworks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kde-gtk-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kde-im-log-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kde-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kde-telepathy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdeapp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdeconnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdeneur.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdepim-dropbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdepim-googledrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdevelop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdiskfree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kdoubanfm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keepass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keepass2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keepassx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keepassx2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keepassxc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keeweb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kentoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/key-mon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/key_bindings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keymon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/keyring-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kfind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kfoldersync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kfontview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kfourinline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kgeography.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kgoldrunner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kgpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/khelpcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kid3-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kid3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kigo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/killbots.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kimtoy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kino.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kipi-dngconverter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kipi-expoblending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kipi-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kiriki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kitty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kjumpingcube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/klavaro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/klettres.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/klickety.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/klipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmahjongg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmenuedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kminicom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmousetool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmouth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kmymoney.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/knavalbattle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/knemo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/knetattach.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/knotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/knotify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kolourpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/komorebi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kompare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/konqueror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/konquest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/konsole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/konsolekalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kontact-import-wizard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kontact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kopete.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/korg-journal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/korg-todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/korgac.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kpackage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kpat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kpatience.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kphoto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kphotoalbum.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kpresenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kradio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kradio4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/krdc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kreversi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/krfb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/krita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/krudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/krunner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/krusader_root.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kscreengenie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kscreensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksmserver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksnapshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kspread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksysguard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ksysguardd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kteatime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ktimer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ktip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ktnef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ktorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ktouch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kube-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kubeplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kubrick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kuser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kwalletmanager2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kwikdisk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kwin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kwordquiz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kwrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/kynpatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/l4d2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/last-fm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lastfm-audioscrobbler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lastfm-valut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lastfm-www.last.fm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lastfm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/laverna.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/leafpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/league-of-legends.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/leonflix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lftp-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/library-internet-radio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/library-podcast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice-xslt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice34.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice4.2-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice4.2-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice4.2-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice4.2-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice4.2-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice4.2-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice4.2-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice5.4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreoffice6.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.0-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.0-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.0-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.0-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.0-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.0-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.0-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.0-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.1-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.1-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.1-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.1-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.1-main.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.1-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.1-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libreofficedev6.1-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/libresprite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/licq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/liferea.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lightdm-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lightworks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linconnect-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linguist-qt4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linguist-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linguist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linguist5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/links.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/links_32x32.xpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linphone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/linssid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/livewallpaper-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/livewallpaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/locale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/log-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/login-photo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/logisim-icon-128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/logo_big.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/logout_highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/logviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lokalize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lookbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lpi-translate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lrfviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lshw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lskat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lubuntu-software-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/luminance-hdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lutris.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lximage-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lximage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lxmusic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/lxterminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/m_doom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mail-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mail-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mailnag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mailspring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/makehuman_bg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/makemkv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mandrivaupdate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/manjaro-architect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/manjaro-documentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/manjaro-settings-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/manjaro-welcome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/marble.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mark-location-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/markpado.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/marsshooter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/master-pdf-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/masterpdfeditor3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/masterpdfeditor4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/masterpdfeditor5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-ax-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-brightness-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-color-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-cpu-frequency-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-desktop-item-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-disk-usage-analyzer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-eyes-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-indicator-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-inhibit-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-netspeed-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-network-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-notification-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-fish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-force-quit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-notification-area.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-window-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-window-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel-workspace-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-power-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-power-statistics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-preferences-desktop-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-sensors-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-session-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-sticky-notes-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mate-system-log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mateconf-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/matepalimpsest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mathomatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/matlab-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mattermost-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/maxima-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/maxima-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/maya.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mdmflexiserver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mdmsetup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/me-tv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/me.kozec.syncthingtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/media-optical-copy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/media-player-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mediainfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mediawriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mednafen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mellowplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mendeley-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/menu-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/menulibre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/messengerfordesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/metacity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/meteo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mgba.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/microsoft.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/midnightcommander.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/midori.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/min.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minecraft-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minetest-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minimizeall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minitube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/minitunes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mint-dev-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintdrivers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintinstall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintlocale-im.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintnanny.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintreport.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintsources-additional.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintsources-foreign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintsources-keys.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintsources-maintenance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintsources-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintsources-ppa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintsources.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintstick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintupdate-release-upgrade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintupdate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mintupload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/miro-guide-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mixxx-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mki3dgame.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mkv-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mkvinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mkvmerge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mkvtoolnix-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mmex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/money-manager-ex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/moneydance.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/moneydance_icon512.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/monilet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mono-runtime-common.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/monodoc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mousepad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mozc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mozilla-firefox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mozo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mp3splt-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mpd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mpv-icon-8bit-64x64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mpv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mscore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/msiexec.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mucommander.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mugshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mullvad-vpn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multibootusb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multimedia-audio-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multimedia-photo-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multimedia-video-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multimedia-volume-control.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multimedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multisystem-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multisystem-liveusb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multisystem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/multitasking-view.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/muon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/muondiscover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mupdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/museic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/musescore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/musicbrainz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/musique.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mutt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mygpo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mynotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/mypaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/myrulib.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/naev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/natronIcon256_linux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nautilus-actions.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nautilus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/navicat-postgresql.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/navit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ndm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nemo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nerolinuxexpress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nestopia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.ankiweb.Anki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.baseart.Glide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.blockout.BlockOutII.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.danigm.timetrack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.fsuae.FS-UAE.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.mancubus.SLADE.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.mediaarea.AVIMetaEdit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.mediaarea.BWFMetaEdit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.mediaarea.DVAnalyzer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.mediaarea.MOVMetaEdit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.mediaarea.MediaConch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.mediaarea.MediaInfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.mediaarea.QCTools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.meijn.onvifviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.minetest.Minetest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.olofson.KoboDeluxe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.openra.OpenRA.openra-cnc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.openra.OpenRA.openra-d2k.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.openra.OpenRA.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.oz9aec.Gpredict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.pcsx2.PCSX2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.pioneerspacesim.Pioneer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.poedit.Poedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.redeclipse.RedEclipse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.runelite.RuneLite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.scribus.Scribus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sf.fuse_emulator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sf.nootka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.Chessx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.ExtremeTuxRacer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.Fillets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.Klavaro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.Ri-li.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.TuxFootball.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.atanks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.btanks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.chromium-bsu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.electrip.Electrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.mars-game.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.projectM.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.qtpfsgui.LuminanceHDR.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.torcs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.sourceforge.xournal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.supertuxkart.SuperTuxKart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/net.wz2100.wz2100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/netbeans-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/netflix-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network-defaultroute.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network-firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network-preference.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network-wireless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/network-workgroup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/networkmanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/neverputt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/new_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nicotine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nicotineplus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nip2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nixnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nl.hjdskes.gcolor3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nl.openoffice.bluefish.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nm-device-wireless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nocover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nocturn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/noise.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/noson.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notepad-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notepad_plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notepadqq.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notes-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notes-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notification-daemon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/notifyconf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ntfs-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nutstore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nutty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_8tracks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_bandcamp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_deezer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_google_play_music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_groove.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_jango.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_mixcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_plex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_soundcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_spotify.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_yandex_music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nuvolaplayer3_youtube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvidia-310-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvidia-current-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvidia-current-updates-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvidia-drivers-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvidia-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvidia-x-server-setting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvidia-x-server-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvim-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nvim-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nylas-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/nylas.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/obconf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ocenaudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ocrfeeder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/octavebackend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/odrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/office-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/office-addressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/office-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/office-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/officerunner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okteta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_chm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_comicbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_djvu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_dvi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_epub.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_fax.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_fb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_ghostview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_kimgio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_md.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_mobi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_ooo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_plucker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_tiff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_txt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/okularApplication_xps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/onboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openarena128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openbazaar2client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openbox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/opencubicplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openjdk-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openjdk-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openjdk-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openjdk-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openjdk-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openjdk-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openjdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-printeradmin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openoffice4-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openra-d2k.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openshot-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/openterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/opera-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/opera-developer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/optimizer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oracle-javaws.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oracle-sqldeveloper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oracle_java10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oracle_java11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oracle_java6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oracle_java7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oracle_java8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oracle_java9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/orage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/orage_globaltime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/oregano.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.DolphinEmu.dolphin-emu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.apache.netbeans.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.armagetronad.ArmagetronAdvanced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.audacityteam.Audacity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.avidemux.Avidemux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.baedert.corebird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.blender.Blender.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.bunkus.mkvtoolnix-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.bzflag.BZFlag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.clementine_player.Clementine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.codeblocks.codeblocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.cznic.Datovka.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.darktable.Darktable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.davmail.DavMail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.debian.TuxPuck.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.develz.Crawl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.eclipse.iot.fourdiac.Ide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.equeim.Tremotesf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.ethereum.Mist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.eu.encom.matrique.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.eu.encom.spectral.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.fedoraproject.MediaWriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.filezillaproject.Filezilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.flarerpg.Flare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.flatpak.qtdemo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.flightgear.FlightGear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.freecadweb.FreeCAD.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.freeciv.Freeciv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.freedesktop.GlxInfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.freedesktop.GstDebugViewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.freedesktop.Piper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.freedesktop.fwupd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.freefilesync.FreeFileSync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.frozen_bubble.frozen-bubble.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gahshomar.Gahshomar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gajim.Gajim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.games.Games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.geany.Geany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.geogebra.GeoGebra.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gimp.GIMP.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gna.Warmux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnode.NixView.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome-Boxes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Aisleriot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.ArchiveManager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Bijiben.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Books.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Boxes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Builder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Calculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Characters.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Cheese.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Chess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.ChromeGnomeShell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Clocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.ColorViewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Contacts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.DejaDup.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Devhelp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Dictionary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.DiskUtility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Disks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Empathy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Eolie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Epiphany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Evolution.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.FeedReader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Files.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Four-in-a-row.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Fractal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Geany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Geary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Gedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Genius.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Glade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Gnote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Gtranslator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Hitori.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.IconPreview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Keysign.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Klotski.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.LightsOff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Logs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Lollypop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Mahjongg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Mines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.MultiWriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.OCRFeeder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.OfficeRunner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.PasswordSafe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Podcasts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Polari.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Quadrapassel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Recipes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Reversi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Rhythmbox3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Robots.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Screenshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Shotwell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.SoundRecorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Sudoku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.SwellFoop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Sysprof.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.SystemMonitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Tali.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Taquin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Tetravex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Tomboy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Totem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Usage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Weather.Application.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.Yelp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.baobab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.books.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.builder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.cheese.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.chess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.clocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.dfeet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.documents.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.eog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.epiphany.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.files.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.five-or-more.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.font-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.frogr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.games.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.gbrainy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.gedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.ghex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.gitg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.glabels-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.hitori.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.iagno.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.lollypop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.mahjongg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.maps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.meld.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.nautilus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.polari.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.powerstats.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.quadrapassel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.recipes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.tetravex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.todo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.totem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.tweak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.tweaks.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.tweaks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.weather.application.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnome.weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnu.emacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gnucash.GnuCash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.godotengine.Godot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.Connectagram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.CuteMaze.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.FocusWriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.Gottet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.Hexalate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.Kapow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.NovProg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.Peg-E.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.Simsu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.Tanglet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gottcode.Tetzle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.gpodder.gpodder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.inkscape.Inkscape.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.jamovi.jamovi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.jdownloader.JDownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.accountwizard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.elisa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.gcompris.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kalzium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kapman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.katomic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kblocks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kbounce.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kbruch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kdenlive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kdiamond.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kgeography.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kgoldrunner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.khangman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kigo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.killbots.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kiten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kjumpingcube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.klickety.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.klines.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kmix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kmplot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.knavalbattle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.knetwalk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kolourpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kontact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.krita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.ksquares.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kstars.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.ksudoku.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.ktuberling.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kubrick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.kwordquiz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.lokalize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.okular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.palapeli.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kde.skrooge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.kicad_pcb.KiCad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.laptop.TurtleArtActivity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-base.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-startcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.libretro.RetroArch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.linux_hardware.hw-probe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.mapeditor.Tiled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.megaglest.MegaGlest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.mozilla.Firefox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.mozilla.FirefoxDevEdition.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.mozilla.FirefoxNightly.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.mozilla.Thunderbird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.musescore.MuseScore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.musicbrainz.Picard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.mypaint.MyPaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.naev.Naev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.nextcloud.Nextcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.nongnu.lingot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.notepad_plus_plus.Notepad-plus-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.octave.Octave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.openclonk.OpenClonk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.openmw.OpenMW.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.openscad.OpenSCAD.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.openshot.OpenShot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.openstreetmap.josm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.openttd.OpenTTD.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.osgeo.grass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.pencil2d.Pencil2D.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.perezdecastro.Revolt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.phoenicis.playonlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.photoqt.PhotoQt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.pitivi.Pitivi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.pjbroad.EternallandsClient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.ppsspp.PPSSPP.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.processing.processingide.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.pwmt.zathura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.pyzo.pyzo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.qbittorrent.qBittorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.qgis.qgis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.qownnotes.QOwnNotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.quassel_irc.QuasselClient.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.remmina.Remmina.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.sauerbraten.Sauerbraten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.scantailor.ScanTailor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.scummvm.ScummVM.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.seul.pingus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.shotcut.Shotcut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.signal.Signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.speed_dreams.SpeedDreams.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.speedcrunch.SpeedCrunch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.stellarium.Stellarium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.subsurface_divelog.Subsurface.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.supertux.SuperTux-Milestone1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.supertuxproject.SuperTux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.synfig.SynfigStudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.taisei_project.Taisei.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.telegram.desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.texstudio.TeXstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.tordini.flavio.Minitube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.tuxfamily.StuntRally.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.tuxfamily.XMoto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.tuxpaint.Tuxpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.videolan.VLC.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.vim.Vim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.wesnoth.Wesnoth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.wireshark.Wireshark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.xiphos.Xiphos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.xonotic.Xonotic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.zealdocs.Zeal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.zim_wiki.Zim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.zotero.Zotero.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/org.zulip.Zulip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/osmo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/osmscout-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/overgrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/p7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/package-manager-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/package_system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/packet-tracer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pacman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/palapeli.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/palaura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/palette.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/palimpsest.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pamac-updater.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/panini.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/paperwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/paprefs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/parcellite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/parlatype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/parole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/paromplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/partitionmanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/password-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/passwords-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/passwords.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/patchage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pb-for-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcbcalculator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcsx-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcsx2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcsxr-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pcsxr_pcsxr-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pdfarranger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pdfeditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pdfmod.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pdfsam-basic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pdfshuffler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pgAdmin4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pgadmin3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/phonon-gstreamer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/photocollage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/photofilmstrip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/photolayoutseditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/photoqt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/photoshop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/photowall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/picard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pick-colour-picker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pidgin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pinegrow-web-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pinegrow-web-pro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pinegrow-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pinta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pirut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pithos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pitivi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pk-package-sources.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pkgbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/planetkde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/planner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/planwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plasma-media-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plasma-mobile-phone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plasma-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plasmadiscover.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plasmagik.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plasmashell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plasmavault.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/playmymusic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/playmyvideos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/playstore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plex-media-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plexmediamanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plugin-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plugin-stars.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/plv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pnmixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/podcast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/poedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/polari.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pomodoro-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/popcorntime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/portal2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/porthole.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/postr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/postscript-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/power-statistics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-activities.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-calendar-and-tasks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-baloo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-font-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-icons.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-locale.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-notifications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-peripherals-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-personal-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-personal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-sharing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-tweaks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-user.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-gtk-config.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-kde-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-mail-accounts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-power.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-login.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-notifications.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-parental-controls.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-power-management.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-power.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-privacy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-session-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-session.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-sharing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-windows-move.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-tweaks-anim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-tweaks-cerbere.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-tweaks-shadows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-tweaks-slingshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-ubuntu-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/preferences-wallpaper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/printer-driver-deepin-cloud-print.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/privacy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/psensor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/psi-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pspp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ptbatcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/puddletag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pure-data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pure_data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/puredata.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/putty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pyRenamer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pycad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pycharm-community.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pycharm-education.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pycharm-professional.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pychess.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/pynvim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python2.6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python2.7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python3.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python3.1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python3.2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python3.3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python3.4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python3.5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python3.6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/python3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/q4wine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qbittorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qctools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qdbusviewer-qt4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qdbusviewer-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qdbusviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qdbusviewer5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qdirstat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qemu-system-aarch64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qemu-system-arm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qemu-system-i386.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qemu-system-x86_64-spice.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qemu-system-x86_64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qgo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qjack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qjackctl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qjoypad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qlandkartegt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qlipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qmapshack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qmmp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qnapi-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qnapi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qomp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qownnotes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qpdfview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qreator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qrshare.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt-assistant.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt-creator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt-designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt-linguist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt4-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt4logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt5-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qt5ct.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtassistant.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtconfig-qt4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtconfig-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtconfig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtcreator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtcreator_logo_32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtcreatorubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtdbusviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtdesigner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtfm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtgain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtikz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtlinguist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtlogo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtoctave.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtox.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qtqr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quake1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quake3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quake4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quicksynergy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quimup64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/quiterss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qupzilla.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qv4l2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qvidcap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/qwinff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rabbitvcs-small.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rabbitvcs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/racket-slideshow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/radeon-profile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/radiotray-ng-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/radiotray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ramme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rawtherapee.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rclock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/realtimesync.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/realvnc-vncviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/recoll.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/record-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/recordmydesktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/reddit-is-a-dead-bird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redhat-server_settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redhat-tools.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redhat-web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rednotebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redshift-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redshift-icon-256.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/redshiftgui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/referencer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/regedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/relay.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/reload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/remote-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/repository.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/resapplet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/restart_highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/retext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/revelation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/reversi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rexloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ricin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ring-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/riot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ripperx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ristretto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rlogo_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/roccat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rocketchat-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/root-terminal-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rootxterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rosa-imagewriter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rosamp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/roxterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rpmdrake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rssguard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rssnow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rssowl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rssreader-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rto-proxy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/rtt-rstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sayonara.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sc-apps-gcompris-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sc-controller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scans2pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scantailor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/schism-icon-128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/schism.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scratch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/screengrab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/screenruler-icon-32x32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/screenruler-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/screenruler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/screensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/screenshot-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scribus-ng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scribus-trunk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/script-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/scudcloud.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/seafile-client-qt5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/seafile-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/seahorse-preferences.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/seahorse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/seamonkey-mozilla-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/seamonkey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/searchmonkey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/securecrt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/securecrt_64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sepolicy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/serviio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/session-properties.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/setroubleshoot_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sgt-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sheets.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/shotcut.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/showfoto.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/showmypictures.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/shutdown_highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/signal-desktop-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/signon-ui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/simple-ccsm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/simplenote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/simsu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/skanlite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/skrooge.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/skypeforlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sleep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/slidewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smartcode-stremio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smartgit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smartgithg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smartphonetrusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smb4k.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smilla-enlarger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smillaenlarger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smtube.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smuxi-frontend-gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/smuxi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/snapshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/snaptastic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-boutique.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-properties-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-properties-mint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-sources.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-store.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-update-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software-update-urgent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/softwarecenter-debian.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/softwarecenter-ubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/softwarecenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sonata.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/songwrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/songwrite3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sound-box.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sound-juicer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sound-recorder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/soundconverter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/soundkonverter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/soundnode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spacefm-find.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spectacle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spice-up.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spotify-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spotify-linux-48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/spotify-linux-512x512.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sqldeveloper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sqlitebrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sqliteman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sr-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ssh-askpass-gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stacer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/standard-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/starbound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stargus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/start-here-archlinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/start-here-korora.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/start-here-lubuntu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/staruml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam-launcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_105600.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_107800.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_130.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_200710.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_203770.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_206440.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_20920.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_210770.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_211820.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_218620.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_219740.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_220.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_220200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_221810.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_222880.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_22600.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_227300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_228360.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_231430.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_233840.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_235820.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_236390.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_238320.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_239200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_240.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_249590.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_250600.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_250820.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_252490.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_252950.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_255220.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_255300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_257510.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_258890.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_269670.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_280.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_289070.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_291650.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_300570.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_301520.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_304930.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_310560.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_311690.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_316790.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_319630.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_319910.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_320.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_322330.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_323470.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_325610.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_340.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_344550.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_345180.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_346110.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_346900.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_35700.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_35720.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_360.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_367580.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_373340.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_373740.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_378120.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_380.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_380840.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_383870.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_386070.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_38700.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_388210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_395160.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_400.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_4000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_404790.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_407330.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_40800.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_41210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_413150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_420.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_427520.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_431730.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_440.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_450140.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_450660.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_468410.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_48000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_487210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_500.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_50300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_550.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_552620.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_569860.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_570.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_57300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_598530.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_599390.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_620.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_684410.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_70.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_70300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_730.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steam_icon_8930.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/steampowered.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stellarium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stickers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sticky-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sticky.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_alarm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_help-agent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_keyring.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_task.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_view-details.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_xfburn-burn-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_xfburn-import-session.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/stock_xfburn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/streamlink-twitch-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/streamtuner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/streamtuner2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/studio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/subdownloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sublime-text-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sublime-text-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sublime-text2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sublime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sublime_text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sublimetext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/subtitlecomposer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sudoku-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java-jdk10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java-jdk5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java-jdk9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java-jre10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java-jre8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java32-jdk5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java32-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java32-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-java32-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws-jdk10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws-jdk9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws-jre10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws-jre8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws32-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws32-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-javaws32-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol-jdk10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol-jdk9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol-jre10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol-jre8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol32-jdk6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol32-jdk7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sun-jcontrol32-jdk8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/superproductivity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/supertux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/supertuxkart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/supertuxkart_128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/supertuxkart_48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/susehelpcenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/svgcleaner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/svp-manager4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sw4stm32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/swatchbooker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/swatches.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sylpheed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/synaptic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/syncthing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/syncthingtray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/synergy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sysprof-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/sysprof.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-authentication.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-date.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-displayca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-selinux.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-config-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-file-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-monitor-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-os-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-restart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-shut-down.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-software-installer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/system-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/systemback.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/systemsettings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/teamspeak3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/telegram-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/telepathy-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/telepathy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tellico.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/terminal-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/terminal-tango.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/terminator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/terminix.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/terminology.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/texdoctk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/texmacs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/texmaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/texstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/text-editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/textmate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/textosaurus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/texworks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thermal-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thg_logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thimbleweed-parchive-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thunderbird-3.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thunderbird-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thunderbird-mozilla-build.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/thunderbird.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tilda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/time-admin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/time.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/timetrack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tint2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tint2conf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tipp10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tixat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tmm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/to-do-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/to-the-moon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/todour.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tomboy-note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tomboy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tools-report-bug.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tools-wizard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/topmenu-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor-browser-en.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor-browser-es.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor-browser-fr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor-browser-it.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor-browser-pt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor-browser-ru.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor-messenger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/torbrowser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/torcs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tormessenger.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tortoisehg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/totem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/touchpad-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/touchpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/toxygen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tracker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tracktion.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tracktion7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tranquil.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transfer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transgui-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transgui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transmageddon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transmission-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transmission-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transmission-remote-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/transporter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trashindicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trine2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/trine3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tron.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/truecrypt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ts3client_linux_amd64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/turtleart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tusk-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tusk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tuxboot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tuxpaint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tuxpuck.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tuxracer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tv.kodi.Kodi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tvmaxe.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tvtime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tweaks-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/tweetdeck.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubinary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubiquity-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubiquity.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntu-cleaner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntu-kylin-software-center.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntu-qtcreator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntu-tweak-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntu-tweak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntuone-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ubuntusoftware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/uget-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/uk.co.mangobrain.Infector.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ukuu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/umplayer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unetbootin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unison-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-datetime-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-display-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-lens-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-online-accounts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-power-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-scope-gdrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-tweak-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-webapps-facebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-webapps-gmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-webapps-twitter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/unity-webapps-wordpress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/update-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/upload-pictures.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/urserver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/urxvt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/urxvt_48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/us.zoom.Zoom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/usage-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/usb-creator-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/usb-creator-kde.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/usb-creator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/user-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/user-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/user_icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/userdrake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/userinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/uterror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-energy-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-file-archiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-log-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-root-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-system-monitor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-terminal_su.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-tweak-tool.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/utilities-x-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/valacompiler.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/valama.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/variety.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vbam.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vcard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vdochat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vdrift-64x64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/veracrypt.xpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vidcutter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/video-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/video-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/videochat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/view-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/viewnior.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/viking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vim-qt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vinagre.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/virt-viewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/virtualbox-ose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/visual-studio-code-insiders.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/visual-studio-code.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vivaldi-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vivaldi-snapshot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vivaldi-stable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vlc-kb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmnetcfg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmware-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vmware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vncviewer48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vocal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vokoscreen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/volume-knob.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vstudio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vuescan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/vuze.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wacom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/war-thunder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/warmux_128x128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/warzone2100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/waterfox-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/weather-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/weather-widget.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/web-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/web-google-gmail-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/web-google-gmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webbrowser-app.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/webcamoid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/website.i2pd.i2pd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/weechat.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wesnoth-1.10-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wesnoth-1.10_editor-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wesnoth-1.12-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wesnoth-1.12_editor-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wesnoth-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wesnoth_editor-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wesnoth_editor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/whatsapp-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wicd-gtk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wicd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wifi-radar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/window-duplicate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/windstille-0.2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wine-file.0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wine-help.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wine-notepad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wine-uninstaller.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wine-winecfg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/winecfg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/winefile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/winemine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/winepak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/winetricks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/winhelp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wire-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wl-ico-64.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wmtweaks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/woeusbgui-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wolfram-mathematica.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wolfram-player.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wordpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/words.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wordview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wordview.xpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/work.openpaper.Paperwork.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/workspace-switcher-left-bottom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/workspace-switcher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wpcom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wps-office-wppmain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wpscan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wpscrackgui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ws.openarena.OpenArena.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/www-browser.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wxHexEditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wxbanker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wxcas.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wxglade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/wxmaxima.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/x-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/x-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/x-system-software-sources.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xane.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xarchiver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xchat-gnome.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xchat-mini.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xchm-48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xcos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xdiagnose.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xedit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfburn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfcalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-dict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-edit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-filemanager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-man.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-mount.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-newmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-schedule.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-system-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-system-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-system-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-terminal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-theme-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-ui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce-unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-about.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-appfinder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-backdrop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-battery-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-clipman-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-clock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-cpufreq-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-cpugraph-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-dict.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-display.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-indicator-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-mcs-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-menueditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-mixer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-netload-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-notifyd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-panel-menu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-power-manager-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-session.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-settings.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-splash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-system-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-time-out-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-timer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-ui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-weather.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce4-workspaces.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfce_unknown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfdashboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfpm-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfsm-hibernate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfsm-logout.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfsm-reboot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfsm-shutdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfsm-suspend.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfsm-switch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xfwm4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/ximian-evolution-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xine.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xiphos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xmlcopyeditor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xmms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xnretro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xnsketch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xorg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xpad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xpf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xsane-logo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xsane.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xscreensaver.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xt7-player-mpv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xterm-color.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xterm-color_48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xterm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xvidcap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xviewer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xvkbd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/xyz.z3ntu.razergenie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/y-ppa-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yacreader-library.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yacreader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yakuake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yandex-browser-beta.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yarock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-addon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-bootloader.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-checkmedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-device-tree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-disk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-firewall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-hardware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-high_availability.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-host.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-hwinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-inetd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-iscsi-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-kerberos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-lan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-language.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-ldap-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-live-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-messages.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-misc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-network_services.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-nfs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-nis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-ntp-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-online_update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-powertweak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-proxy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-release-notes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-remote.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-runlevel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-samba-client.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-samba-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-scanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-security.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-snapper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-software.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-sudo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-support.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-sw_single.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-sw_source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-sysconfig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-tftp-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-timezone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-users.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-vendor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-vm-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast-x11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yast.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yd-128.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yishu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/youtube-dl-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/youtube-dl-gui_48x48.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/youtube-dl-qt-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/youtube-dl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/youtube-dlg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yubikey-personalization-gui.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yubikey-piv-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yubioath.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yumex-dnf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/yumex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zathura.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zen-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zenmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zoom-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zoom-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/16/zsnes.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/22 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/24 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/32 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/32@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/48 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/48@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/64 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/64@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/10B4_steam.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/1CD8_rundll32.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/1E64_notepad.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/1cv8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/1cv8c-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/1password-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/2048-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/2402_msiexec.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/2EF4_wordpad.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/4137_winhlp32.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/44F2_SynthesiaConfig.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/4PaneIcon48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/5961_Defunct_x86.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/5B46_Synthesia.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/63EE_sublime_text.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/67EF_addoninstaller.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/7596_iexplore.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/7765_winebrowser.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/7kaa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/7z-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/7zip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/97C1_wordpad.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/A35F_hh.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AVIMetaEdit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Abricotine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Acetino2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AddressManager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeAIR-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeReader10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeReader11-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeReader12-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeReader8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeReader9-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdobeWidgetBrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AdvancedPhoto-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Alva-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Amazon-www.amazon.ca-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Amazon-www.amazon.cn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Amazon-www.amazon.co.uk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Amazon-www.amazon.com-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Amazon-www.amazon.de-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Amazon-www.amazon.es-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Amazon-www.amazon.fr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Amazon-www.amazon.it-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Anatine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Appstore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Ardour-Ardour_4.0.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Ardour-icon_256px-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/AtomicGameEngine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Azureus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Blender-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Botfather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/BurpSuiteCommunity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/CMakeSetup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/CMakeSetup32-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Calculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Calculator.app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Camera-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Camera.app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Caprine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Charmap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Dictionary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Dictionary.app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/DictionaryReader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/EasyTAG_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Etermutilities-terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/FAHControl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/FB4C_iexplore.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/FBReader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/FacebookMessenger-facebook.com-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/FoxitReader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/GMail-mail.google.com-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/GNUMail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/GPU_Viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/GitKraken-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Gitter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Gmail-mail.google.com-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/GnomeBaker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Grr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/IconPreview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Incredipede-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/KDiskFree-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/LMMS-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/LabPlot2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/MidnightCommander-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Nextcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Nocturn-linux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Nocturn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/PCSX2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Panini-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/PinguyBuilder-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Pithos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QMPlay2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QMapShack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QOwnNotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QtIcon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QtProject-assistant-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QtProject-designer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QtProject-linguist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QtProject-qdbusviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QtProject-qtcreator-qt5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/QtProject-qtcreator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/RSS_feeds-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/RescueTime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/SUSEgreeter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Sci48M-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ScudCloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Singular-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/SpiderOak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Spotify-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Stacer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Tag-Tool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/TeXstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/TeXworks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/TeamViewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Temps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Thunar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/VBox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/XMind-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/Xfwm4CompositeEditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/XrendrMixer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aarddict-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/abiword_48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/abort-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/abrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/abrt-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/abrt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/access-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessibility-directory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessibility_section-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-archiver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-calculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-camera-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-character-map-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-clipboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-clock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-document-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-ebook-reader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-image-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-media-converter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-notes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-painting-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-screenshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/accessories-thesaurus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/acestreamplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aclock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/acroread-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/actionaz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/activity-journal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/activity-log-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/activitywatch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/administration-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/adobe-reader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/adobeflashplugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aegisub-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/air-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aircrack-ng-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aircrack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/airvpn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/akonadiconsole-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/akonaditray-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/akregator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alacarte-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alarm-clock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alienarena-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alienfx-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alienfx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alltomp3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/almanah-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alphaplot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/alsamixergui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amarok-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amarok2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amazon-mp3-store-source-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amazon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amazonclouddrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amnesia-the-dark-descent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/amulegui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/android-arc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/android-file-transfer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/android-sdk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/android-studio-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/android-studio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/androidstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/angrysearch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anjuta6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anjuta_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anoise-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/anydo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/app.rednotebook.RedNotebook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apparmor_view_profile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appeditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appgrid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-Alva-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-auryo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-brackets-electron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-caprine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-colorpicker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-dockstation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-downline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-draw.io-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-emacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-franz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-github-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-gravit-designer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-hotspot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-hw-probe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-joplin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-kaku-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-kitty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-leonflix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-pcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-raven-reader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-standard-notes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-synfigstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-trinity-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit-workflowy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit_0b58b82040223d044316bfbdc0a154c5_com.lettier.gifcurry-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit_a6cf0f8bfa75c31451932761a60ce89e_elcalc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/appimagekit_a8e143359b6912b67b65aed61612e2ff_edex-ui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applet_lockkeys-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applets-template-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-community-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-vidiot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-vnd.iccprofile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-x-chemtool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-x-deb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-x-executable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-x-wine-extension-its-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/application-x-yarock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-accessories-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-chat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-chemistry-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-debugging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-development-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-development-translation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-development-web-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-drawing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-featured-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-fonts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-geography-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-geology-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-internet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-java-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-libraries-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-linguistics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-mathematics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-multimedia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-office-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-other-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-painting-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-photography-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-php-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-profiling-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-programming-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-publishing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-puzzles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-python-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-ruby-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-science-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-system-orange-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-system-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-utilities-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-viewers-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/applications-webbrowsers-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apport-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apport-gtk2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apport-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apps.com.office-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/apt-url-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptana-studio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptana-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptanastore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptdaemon-working-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptik-battery-monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aptik-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aqualung-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/aquemu_48x48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/archive-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/archive-mounter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/archive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/archivemanager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ardour2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ardour3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ardour4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ardour5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arduino-arduinoide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arduino-icon-small-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arduino-ide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/areca_72x72-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/argouml-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/arista-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ark-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/armoryofflineicon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/armorytestneticon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/artemanufrij.hashit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/artemanufrij.playmyvideos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/artemanufrij.screencast-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/artikulate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/as-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/as-powered-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ase-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/asounder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/assistant-qt4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/assistant-qt5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/assistant-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/assistant5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/astah-community-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/astah-pro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/astah_community-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/astahc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/asunder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atcore-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ati-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atlas-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atom-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atomix-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atomix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atril-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/atunes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audacious-16-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audacious-32-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audacity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audacity16-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audacity32-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audicius-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audience-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audio-card-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audio-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audio-recorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/audoban.applet.playbar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/autoplus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/avant-window-navigator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/avidemux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/avidemux_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/avimetaedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/avogadro-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/avogadro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/awn-applet-digital-clock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/awn-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/awn-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/awn-plugins-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/awn-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ax-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/azpainter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/background-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/badge-small-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/baloo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/banshee-1-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/basket-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/battery-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/beatbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/beryl-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/beryl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bijiben-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bitcoin-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bitcoin128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bitmap2component-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bitorrent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bittorrent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blackmagic-Fusion9-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bless-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blivet-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blogilo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluedun-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blueman-device-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blueman-serial-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blueman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/blueradio-48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluetooth-48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluetooth-radio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bluetoothradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/boomaga-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/boot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bottles_notepad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bottles_wine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bottles_wine-uninstaller-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bottles_wine-winecfg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bottles_winetricks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/br.com.jeanhertel.adriconf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/brackets-electron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/brasero-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/brave-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/breeze-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/brightnesssettings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/browser-tor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bt-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bug-buddy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bugzilla-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bugzilla2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bugzilla3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bum-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/bumblebee-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/byobu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/byzanz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ca._0ldsk00l.Nestopia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cacao-oj6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cacao-oj7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cacao-oj8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cacao-oj9-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cairo-clock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/caja-actions-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/caja-dropbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calamares-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calendar-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calibre-ebook-edit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calibre-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calibre-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calibre-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/california-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligraauthor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligraflow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligragemini-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligrakarbon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligrakrita-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligrakrita2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligraplan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligraplanner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligraplanwork-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligrastage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/calligrawords-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/camara-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/camera-photo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/camorama-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cantata-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/catfish-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/catia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cc.arduino.arduinoide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cc3d_128x128_logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ccc-large-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ccc_large-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ccsm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/celestia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ch.x29a.playitslowly-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chat.rocket.RocketChat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/checkbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/checkbox-touch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/checkgmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cherrytree-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chessx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chmsee-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chocolate-doom-setup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-aohghmighlieiainnegkcijnfilokake-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-apboafhkiegglekeafbckfjldecefkhn-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-apdfllckaahabafndbhieahigkjlhalf-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-app-list-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-bgjohebimpjdhhocbknplfelpmdhifhd-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-bgkodfmeijboinjdegggmkbkjfiagaan-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-bllmngcdibgbgjnginpehneeofhbmdjm-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-blpcfgokakmgnkcojhhkbfbldkacnbeo-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-boeajhmfdjldchidhphikilcgdacljfm-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-bommmmpbplimfmebiadkflfgbgejahgm-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-cjanmonomjogheabiocdamfpknlpdehm-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-clhhggbfdinjmjhajaheehoeibfljjno-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-damddgdogmdhjjbgpfpgmkdgdgjhohef-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-deceagebecbceejblnlcjooeohmmeldh-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-defekohaofmambflfpfoojkmfdpcbgko-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-dihbebhmaoagdpbcnfedokpfkkgmmpgc-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-djejicklhojeokkfmdelnempiecmdomj-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-efobjgdlbfdfckkpghggmiephjgicmak-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-ejidjjhkpiempkbhmpbfngldlkglhimk-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-ejjicmeblgpmajnghnpcppodonldlgfn-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-fahmaaghhglfmonjliepjlchgpgfmobi-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-felcaaldnbdncclmgdcncolpebgiejap-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-fjliknjliaohjgjajlgolhijphojjdkc-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-fpniocchabmgenibceglhnfeimmdhdfm-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-gaedmjdfmmahhbjefcbgaolhhanlaolb-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-gbchcmhmhahfdphkhkmpfmihenigjmpp-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-gjmanaihpgjcijokbimnamcdndkffigp-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-gkcknpgdmiigoagkcoglklgaagnpojed-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-hbdpomandigafcibbmofojjchbcdagbl-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-hcglmfcclpfgljeaiahehebeoaiicbko-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-hihbikoooaenkpdooehgemieligjejcb-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-hmjkmjkepdijhoojdojkdfohbdgmmhki-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-hncfgilfeieogcpghjnnhddghgdjbekl-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-icppfcnhkcmnfdhfhphakoifcfokfdhg-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-ighkikkfkalojiibipjigpccggljgdff-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-jjphmlaoffndcnecccgemfdaaoighkel-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-jknmpnbgkaekopldbncmggaejjamkemn-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-khjnjifipfkgglficmipimgjpbmlbemd-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-lainlkmlgipednloilifbppmhdocjbda-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-lbfehkoinhhcknnbdgnnmjhiladcgbol-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-macmgoeeggnlnmpiojbcniblabkdjphe-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-mjcnijlhddpbdemagnpefmlkjdagkogk-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-mnfehgbmkapmjnhcnbodoamcioleeooe-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-ncpaehbhmfoodbceflpbdocjhpokkbmo-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-nmgfcbigejokjgholnnnipegblickgnp-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-nmmhkkegccagdldgiimedpiccmgmieda-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-ojcflmmmcfpacggndoaaflkmcoblhnbh-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-oooiobdokpcfdlahlmcddobejikcmkfo-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-pdagghjnpkeagmlbilmjmclfhjeaapaa-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chrome-pjkljhegncpnkpknbcohdijeoejaedia-Default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chromium-app-list-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chromium-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chromium-bsu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chromium-dev-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/chromium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cinelerra-cv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cinelerra-gg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cinelerra-hv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cinelerra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cinnamon-power-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cinnamon-preferences-color-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/citra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clairvoyant-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clamtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/classicmenu-indicator-light-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/claws-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clipgrab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clipit-trayicon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clipped-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/clocks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cmake-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cockos-reaper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/code-exploration-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/code-insiders-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/code-oss-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/code_backup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/color-calibate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/colorhug-backlight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/colorhug-ccmx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/colorhug-flash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/colorhug-refresh-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/colorpicker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.abagames.noiz2sa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.abagames.rRootage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.abisource.AbiWord-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.adobe.Flash-Player-Projector-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.albiononline.AlbionOnline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.anydesk.Anydesk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.axosoft.GitKraken-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.beakerbrowser.Beaker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.bitwarden.desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.bixense.PasswordCalculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.bladecoder.adventure-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.bluejeans.BlueJeans-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.bxabi.bumblebee-indicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.calibre_ebook.calibre-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.chez.GrafX2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.deepin.Calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.deepin.ImageViewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.deepin.Music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.deepin.ScreenShot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.deepin.VoiceRecorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.discordapp.Discord-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.dosbox.DOSBox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.dropbox.Client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.elsevier.MendeleyDesktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.frac_tion.teleport-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.getpostman.Postman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.gexperts.Terminix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.gexperts.Tilix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.JannikHv.Gydl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.alainm23.planner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.alcadica.develop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.alcinnz.odysseus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.alcinnz.odysseus-web-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.alecaddd.sequeler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.alecaddd.taxi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.aleksandar-stefanovic.urmsimulator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.allen-b1.news-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.alonsoenrique.quotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.arshubham.cipher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.findfileconflicts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.graphui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.hashit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.imageburner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.metronome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.playmymusic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.playmyvideos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.regextester-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.screencast-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.showmypictures-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.translit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.artemanufrij.webpin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.babluboy.bookworm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bajoja.indicator-kdeconnect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bartzaalberg.bookmark-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bartzaalberg.php-tester-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bartzaalberg.snaptastic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.basjam.valacompiler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bcedu.museic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bcedu.shutdownscheduler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bharatkalluri.easypass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bharatkalluri.gifup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bilelmoussaoui.Authenticator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.birros.WebArchives-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bitseater.weather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bleakgrey.tootle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.bleakgrey.transporter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.brandonlujan.exchange-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.calo001.fondo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.cassidyjames.clairvoyant-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.cassidyjames.dippi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.cassidyjames.ephemeral-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.cassidyjames.palette-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.cassidyjames.principles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.cjfloss.envelope-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.coralynnmay.goodvibesapp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.coslyk.MoonPlayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.dahenson.agenda-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.danrabbit.harvey-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.danrabbit.lookbook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.danrabbit.nimbus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.davidmhewitt.clipped-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.davidmhewitt.torrential-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.djaler.formatter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.donadigo.appeditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.donadigo.eddy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.eudaldgr.elements-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.fabiocolacio.marker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.geigi.cozy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.georgekap1an.chores-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.gijsgoudzwaard.image-optimizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.gkarsay.parlatype-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.hannesschulze.optimizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.harisvsulaiman.pushy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.hluk.copyq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.jeremypw.gnonograms-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.junrrein.PDFSlicer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.keyilan.swatches-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.kjlaw89.archetype-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.kjlaw89.webwatcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.kmal-kenneth.monilet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.labyrinth_team.labyrinth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.lainsce.aesop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.lainsce.coin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.lainsce.notejot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.lainsce.palaura-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.lainsce.quilter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.lainsce.yishu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.libresprite.LibreSprite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.luizaugustomm.tomato-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.marktext.marktext-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.mdh34.hackup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.mdh34.quickdocs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.miguelmota.Cointop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.mirkobrombin.football-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.mirkobrombin.ppaextender-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.mohelm97.screenrecorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.mubitosh.qrshare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.muriloventuroso.easyssh-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.naaando.lyrics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.needle-and-thread.vocal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.needleandthread.vocal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.nick92.tranqil-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.ojubaorg.Othman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.paolostivanin.OTPClient-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.parnold-x.nasc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.parnold-x.sudoku-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.peteruithoven.resizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.phase1geo.minder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.philip-scott.notes-up-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.philip-scott.spice-up-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.philip-scott.wallpaperize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.philip_scott.notes-up-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.philip_scott.spice-up-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.plugarut.pwned-checker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.quaternion-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.rapidfingers.translator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.rickybas.date-countdown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.rkoesters.xkcd-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.robertsanseries.ciano-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.robertsanseries.karim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.ronnydo.colorpicker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.ronnydo.wammer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.rssguard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.ryanakca.slingshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.santileortiz.iconoscope-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.spheras.desktopfolder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.stsdc.monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.thejambi.dayjournal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.thejambi.psnotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.themix_project.Oomox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.timecraft.notifier-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.torikulhabib.nino-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.unrud.djpdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.wwmm.pulseeffects-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.z.Cumulonimbus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.zren.commandoutput-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.zren.tiledmenu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.zren.todolist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.google.AndroidStudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.googleplaymusicdesktopplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.googleplaymusicdesktopplayer.GPMDP-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.grangerhub.Tremulous-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.hamrick.VueScan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.inventwithpython.flippy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.jagex.RuneScape-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.jetbrains.DataGrip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Community-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Ultimate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.jetbrains.PyCharm-Community-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.jgraph.drawio.desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.leagueoflegends.Client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.lettier.gifcurry-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.librehat.yahooweather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.makemkv.MakeMKV-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.mattermost.Desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.moonlight_stream.Moonlight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.notepadqq.Notepadqq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.obsproject.Studio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.ozmartians.VidCutter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.play0ad.zeroad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.realm667.WolfenDoom_Blade_of_Agony-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.remarkable.reMarkable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.skype.Client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.slack.Slack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.snes9x.Snes9x-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.spotify.Client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.stepmania.StepMania-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.sublimetext.three-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.syntevo.SmartGit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.syntevo.SmartSynchronize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.teeworlds.Teeworlds-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.transmissionbt.Transmission-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.tux4kids.tuxmath-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.tux4kids.tuxtype-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.uploadedlobster.peek-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.valvesoftware.Steam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.viber.Viber-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.viewizard.AstroMenace-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.visualstudio.code-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.visualstudio.code.oss-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.wire.WireDesktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.worldoftanks.Client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/com.xamarin.MonoDevelop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/computerjanitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/config-date-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/config-language-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/config-users-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/configuration_section-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/configurator-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/configurator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/configure-debian-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/connectBig-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/contact-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/control-center2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/copyq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cpu-freq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cqcb.plasma.webslice-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/credentials-preferences-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cronopete_restore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cryptfolder-indicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cryptkeeper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cryptomator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-applets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-backgrounds-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-bluetooth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-cat-admin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-cat-appearance-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-cat-hardware-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-cat-prefs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-color-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-date-time-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-desklets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-desktop-effects-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-details-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-drivers-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-extensions-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-firewall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-fonts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-general-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-input-method-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-language-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-login-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-network-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-notifications-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-online-accounts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-power-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-printer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-privacy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-region-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-screen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-screensaver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-software-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-sources-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-startup-programs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-tablet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-themes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-tiling-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-universal-access-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-user-accounts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-user-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-windows-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cs-workspaces-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/csgo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/css-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cuckoo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cumulus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cups-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cupsprinter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/customdesktopmenu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cutecom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cx.ring.Ring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cxmenu-cxoffice-0-crossover-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cycligent-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/cycligent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/d-feet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/darktable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dassault-systemes.draftsight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/date-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dayfolder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dbeaver-ee-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dconf-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dde-calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dde-file-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ddm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/de.haeckerfelix.Fragments-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/de.haeckerfelix.gradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/de.manuel_kehl.go-for-it-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/de.rwth_aachen.ient.YUView-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/de.wolfvollprecht.UberWriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deb-swirl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/debian-installer-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/debian-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/debian-plymouth-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/debian-swirl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-appstore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-calculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-cloud-print-configurator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-cloud-scan-config-helper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-cloudprint-config-helper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-crossover-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-deb-installer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-download-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-emacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-font-installer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-game-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-image-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-installer-oem-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-installer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-manual-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-media-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-movie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-music-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-note-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-picker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-remote-assistance-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-repair-tools-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-scanner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-screen-recorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-screenshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-show-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-software-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-system-monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-translator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin-voice-recorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin.com.wechat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deepin.com.wechat.devtools-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deezer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/defcon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/deja-dup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/designer-qt4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/designer-qt5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/designer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/designer5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-effects-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-enviroment-gnome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-enviroment-kde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-enviroment-lxde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-environment-gnome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-environment-kde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-environment-unity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktop-icons-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktopconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktopfolder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desktoptrusted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/desmume-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/devdocs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/devede-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/devedeng-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/devhelp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dfeet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dialog-password-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dict-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/digikam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dippi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/discord-canary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/discord-ptb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/disk-check-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/disk-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/disk-usage-analyzer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/disk-utility-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/diskmonitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/disper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/display-brightness-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/display-capplet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/display-im6.Q16-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/display-preferences-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/display.im6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-archlinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-debian-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-elementary-os-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-elementary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-fedora-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-freebsd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-kali-linux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-kalilinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-korora-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-linux-mint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-lubuntu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-manjaro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-opensuse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-ubuntu-mate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/distributor-logo-ubuntu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dnfdragora-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dockbarx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/document-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/documentation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/docviewer-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dolphin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dont-starve-together-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/downloader-arrow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dragon-ball-xenoverse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dragonplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/drakconf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/drakmenustyle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/draksec-mdk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/drakstats-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dreamchess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/driconf-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/driconf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/driver-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/drracket-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dvd95-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dvd9548-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dvdisaster-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dvdplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dvdrip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dvdstyler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dz-client-linux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/dz-client-linux-x128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/easy-ebook-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/easylife-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/easymp3gain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/easypass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/easytag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ebay-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eclipse-cdt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/edex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/edile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/edit-find-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/edit-urpm-sources-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eekboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eid-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eiskaltdcpp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ekiga-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/elcalc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/electron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/elementary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/elisa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emacs-24-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emacs-25-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emacs-nox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emacs-snapshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emacs24-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emacs25-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emblem-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emeral-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emerald-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/emerald-theme-manager-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/empass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/empathy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/engrampa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/enjoy-music-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/enpass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eog-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/epiphany-bookmarks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/epiphany-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/epiphany-gecko-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/epiphany-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/epiphany-webkit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eric-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eric6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ericWeb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ericWeb6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/error-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/etcher-electron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/etcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/etherape-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eu.blumenstingl.martin.keystateplasmoid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eu.scarpetta.PDFMixTool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eufloriahd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/everdo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/everpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evolution-calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evolution-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evolution-memos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/evolution-tasks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/exaile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/exmplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/eye-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/f-spot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/face-smile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/facebook-facebook.com-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/facebookresource-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/factorio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/falkon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fbmessenger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fbreader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fceu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fceux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fcitx-sogoupinyin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fcitx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fcitx_ubuntukylin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fedora-release-notes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fedorasettings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/feedreader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fifteenpuzzle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/file-roller-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/filelight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-3.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-3.5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-4.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-aurora-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-aurora-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-beta-bin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-default-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-developer-edition-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-developer-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-esr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-gtk3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-mozilla-build-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-nightly-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-nightly-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-original-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-traditional-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox-trunk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firefox3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firestarter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firestorm_48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firestorm_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firewall-config-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/firewall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/five-or-more-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flacon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flash-player-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flashplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flashplayerproperties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flegita-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/florence-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/flowblade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fluid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fma-config-tool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fmit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/folder-remote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fondo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/font-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fonts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fontypython-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/foobnix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/footnote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/formatter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fortran-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fotowall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/foxitpdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/foxitreader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fr.free.Homebank-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fr.natron.Natron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fractal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/franz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freecad-daily-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freeciv-server-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freedm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freedoom1-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freedoom2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freefilesync-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/freetuxtv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fretsonfire-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fslint_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/fwupd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/galculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/galeon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gallery-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gallery-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/game-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcbalculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcleaner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcolor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcolor2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcolor3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gcompris-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gconf-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gconfeditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gda-browser-5.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gda-control-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gdeb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gdebi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gdm-setup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gdm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gdm-xnest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gdmap_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gdmsetup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gedit-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gedit-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/geeqie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gelemental-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/genymotion-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/geogebra-classic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gerbview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ghex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gifup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gimagereader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/girl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gis-weather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/git-cola-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/git-cola_git-cola-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/git-dag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/git-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gitg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/github-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gkdebconf-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gkdebconf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gksu-debian-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gksu-root-terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gksu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/glabels-3.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/glade-3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/glade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/glipper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/glippy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/glrp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/glxinfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmail-notify-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmail-office-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmail-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmail-plasmoid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmailwatcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmpc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmsh_32x32-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gmusicbrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnac-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnethogs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnibbles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnochm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-2048-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-about-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-abrt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-activity-journal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-aisleriot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-alsamixer-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-app-install-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-appfolders-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-apt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-audio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-baker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-balsa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-balsa2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-books-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-break-timer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-calculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-character-map-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-characters-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-characters_gnome-characters-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-chess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-clocks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-color-chooser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-color-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-commander-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-contacts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-control-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-debian-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-desktop-config-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-desktop-item-edit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-device-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-dictionary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-disks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-display-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-do-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-documents-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-emacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-encfs-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-eterm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-freecell-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-genius-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-glchess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-glines-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-gmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-gmenu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-gnect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-gnibbles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-gnumeric-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-hideseek-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-info-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-internet-radio-locator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-internet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-joystick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-latex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-ldraw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-lightsoff-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-lockscreen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-logo-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-logo-icon-transparent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-logout-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-logs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-logs_gnome-logs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mahjongg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-maps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mime-application-x-deb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mixer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mouse-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-mpv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-multi-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-nettools-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-network-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-networktool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-note-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-oregano-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-other-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-package-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-paint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-clock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-drawer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-fish-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-force-quit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-hibernate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-notification-area-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-screenshoot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-screenshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-separator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-suspend-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-window-list-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-window-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-panel-workspace-switcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-pdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-photos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-planner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-pomodoro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-power-preferences-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-power-statistics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-quadrapassel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-remote-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-run-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-schedule-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-screenruler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-screenshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-search-tool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-searchtool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-session-halt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-session-hebirnate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-session-hibernate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-session-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-session-suspend-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-session-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-set-time-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-accessibility-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-background-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-default-applications-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-font-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-keybinding-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-keybindings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-theme-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-settings-ui-behavior-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-shell-extension-prefs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-shell-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-shutdown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-software-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-sound-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-sound-recorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-split-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-status-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-sticky-notes-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-subtitles-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-system-config-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-system-log-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-system-monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-system-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-tablet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-tali-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-taquin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-term-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-tetravex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-todo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-tracker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-translate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-tweaks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-twitch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-twofactorauth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-unknown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-usage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-user-share-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-video-arcade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-volume-control-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-wacom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-warning-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-weather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-web-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-web-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-window-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-windows-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-wm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-word-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-xterm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnomeradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnubik-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnucash-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnucash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnuclient-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnugo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnugo48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gnuradio-grc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/go-for-it-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-exchange-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-facebook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-flickr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-foursquare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-google-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-lastfm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-microsoft-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-msn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-owncloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-pocket-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-todoist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-twitter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-account-ubuntusso-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gogland-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goldendict-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goodvibes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-agenda-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-chrome-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-chrome-stable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-chrome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-chrome-unstable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-chrome2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-docs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/google-drive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/googlechrome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/googledocs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/googleearth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/goterminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gottet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gourmet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpaint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gparted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpaste-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpdftext-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpicview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpk-log-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpk-prefs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpmdp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpx-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpxsee-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gpxviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grandr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/granule-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/graphui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gravit-designer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/green-recorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/griffith-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grsync-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/grub-customizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gscan2pdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gsd-xrandr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gsmartcontrol-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gstreamer-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtali-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gthumb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-find-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-info-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-lshw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-network-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-redshift-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk-theme-config-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk3-icon-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk3-widget-factory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk4-widget-factory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtk_diskfree-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtkam-camera-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtkconfig-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gtkdiskfree-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/guake-indicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/guake-prefs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/guake-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/guayadeque-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gufw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/guitarix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/guitarix2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/guvcview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gv_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gvim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gweled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gwenview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gxine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gxneur-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/gydl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hackup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/half-life2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hamster-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hamster-indicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hamster-time-tracker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hangouts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/harddrake-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hardinfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/haroopad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/harvey-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/help-about-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/help-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/help-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/help-faq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/help-info-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hi64-apps-ffado-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/higan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hipchat4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/homebank-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/honicon_128x128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hotwire-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hourglass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hp-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hp-toolbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hp_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hp_logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hplip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hplj1020_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/htop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hwbrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hwinfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hwmonitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/hyper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/i-network-printer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/i2pd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-engine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-mozc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-setup-chewing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-setup-hangul-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus-setup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ibus_ibus-setup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icaconfigmgr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icaconncenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icamanager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icaselfservice-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icecat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icedove-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/iceweasel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icon-preview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/icono_rakarrack_128x128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/iconpreview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/id.sideka.App-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/idea-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/idea-ultimate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/idjc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/idle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/idle3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/im-chooser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/im-ekiga-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/im.gitter.Gitter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/im.pidgin.Pidgin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/im.riot.Riot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/image-optimizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/image-viewer-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/imageburner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/imagewriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/imagination-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ime_product_icon_opensource-32-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/in.p1x.TanksOfFreedom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-cpufreq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-keylock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-privacy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-sensors-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-sound-switcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-stickynotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-virtual-box-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/indicator-weather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/infector-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/infinifactory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/info.bibletime.BibleTime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/inkscape-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/input-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/input-tablet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/input_device_settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/instant-messenger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/instantbird-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/insync-help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/insync_help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intellij-idea-ce-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intellij-idea-community-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intellij-idea-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intellij-idea-ue-bundled-jre-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intellij-idea-ultimate-edition-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intellij-idea-ultimate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intellij_idea-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/intergalacticfm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/internet-archive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/internet-chat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/internet-feed-reader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/internet-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/internet-news-reader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/internet-telephony-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/internet-web-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.ark.Desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.atom.Atom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.atom.electron.BaseApp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.botfather.Botfather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.brackets.Brackets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.designer.GravitDesigner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.elementary.code-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.exodus.Exodus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.Cockatrice.cockatrice-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.Fontforge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.FreeDM-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.Freedoom-Phase-1-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.Freedoom-Phase-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.GnomeMpv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.Hexchat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.TransmissionRemoteGtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.arunsivaramanneo.GPUViewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.betaflight.BetaflightConfigurator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.cges30901.hmtimer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.cloose.CuteMarkEd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.gillesdegottex.FMIT-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.guillaumechereau.Goxel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.janbar.noson-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.jkozera.ZevDocs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.jliljebl.Flowblade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.liberodark.OpenDrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.markummitchell.Engauge_Digitizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.martinrotter.textosaurus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.mki1967.mki3dgame-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.mmstick.FontFinder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.mujx.Nheko-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.openWMail.openWMail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.qtox.qTox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.rinigus.OSMScoutServer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.rinigus.PureMaps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.github.wereturtle.ghostwriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.gitlab.Goodvibes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.gitlab.construo.construo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.gitlab.evtest_qt.evtest_qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.gitlab.jstest_gtk.jstest_gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.gitlab.osslugaru.Lugaru-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.gitlab.windstille.Windstille-0_2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.lbry.lbry-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.liri.BaseApp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.liri.Calculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.liri.Text-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.lmms.LMMS-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.mgba.mGBA-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.neovim.nvim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.otsaloma.nfoview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.poez.Poezio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.thp.numptyphysics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/io.webtorrent.WebTorrent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ipython3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/irc-chat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/iridium-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/iso-image-burn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/iso-master-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/isomaster-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/istanbul-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/itunes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jackeq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jamendo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jami-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jamin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/java-1.6.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/java-1.7.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/java-1.8.0-openjdk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/java-1.8.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/java10-openjdk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/java11-openjdk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/java9-openjdk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/javaws-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jazzradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jblue-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jdev_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jdownloader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jeex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jgray-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jgreen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jockey-kde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jockey-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jocky-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jokosher_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jred-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jstest-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/juci-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/juffed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/juk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/julia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/jyellow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/k3b-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/k4dirstat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/k9-copy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/k9copy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kaccess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kaddressbook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kaffeine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kalarm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kalgebrabackend-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-arping-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kali-vola-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kalu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kamerka-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kamoso-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kamule-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kanagram-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kapow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kblackbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kblogger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kbounce-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kbugbuster-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kcalc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kchart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kchmviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kclock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kcmkwm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kcmsound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kcnmsound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kcolorchooser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kcontrol-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kde-frameworks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kde-gtk-config-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kde-im-log-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kde-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kde-telepathy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdeapp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdeconnect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdeneur-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdepim-dropbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdepim-googledrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdevelop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdiskfree-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kdoubanfm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keep-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keepass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keepass2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keepassx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keepassx2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keepassxc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keeweb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kentoo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/key-mon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/key_bindings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keymon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/keyring-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kfind-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kfoldersync-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kfontview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kfourinline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kgeography-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kget-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kgoldrunner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kgpg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/khelpcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kid3-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kid3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kigo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/killbots-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kimtoy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kino-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kipi-dngconverter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kipi-expoblending-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kipi-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kiriki-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kitty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kjumpingcube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/klavaro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/klettres-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/klickety-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/klipper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmahjongg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmenuedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmines-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kminicom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmousetool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmouth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kmymoney-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/knavalbattle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/knemo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/knetattach-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/knotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/knotify-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kolourpaint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/komorebi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kompare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/konqueror-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/konquest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/konsole-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/konsolekalendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kontact-import-wizard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kontact-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kopete-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/korg-journal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/korg-todo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/korgac-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kpackage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kpat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kpatience-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kphoto-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kphotoalbum-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kpresenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kradio4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/krdc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kreversi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/krfb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/krita-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/krudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/krunner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/krusader_root-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksame-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kscreengenie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kscreensaver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksmserver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksnapshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kspread-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksysguard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ksysguardd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kteatime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ktimer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ktip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ktnef-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ktorrent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ktouch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kube-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kubeplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kubrick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kuser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kwalletmanager2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kwikdisk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kwin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kword-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kwordquiz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kwrite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/kynpatic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/l4d2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/last-fm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lastfm-audioscrobbler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lastfm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lastfm-valut-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lastfm-www.last.fm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/laverna-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/leafpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/league-of-legends-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/leonflix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lftp-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/library-internet-radio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/library-podcast-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice-xslt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice3-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice34-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice4.2-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice4.2-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice4.2-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice4.2-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice4.2-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice4.2-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice4.2-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.0-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.1-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.2-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.3-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice5.4-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreoffice6.0-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.0-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.0-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.0-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.0-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.0-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.0-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.0-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.0-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.1-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.1-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.1-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.1-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.1-main-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.1-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.1-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libreofficedev6.1-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/libresprite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/licq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/liferea-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lightdm-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lightworks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linconnect-server-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linguist-qt4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linguist-qt5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linguist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linguist5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/links-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/links_32x32.xpm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linphone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/linssid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/livewallpaper-config-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/livewallpaper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/locale-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/log-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/login-photo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/logisim-icon-128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/logo_big-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/logout_highlight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/logviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lokalize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lookbook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lpi-translate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lrfviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lshw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lskat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lubuntu-software-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/luminance-hdr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lutris-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lximage-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lximage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lxmusic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/lxterminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/m_doom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mail-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mail-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mailnag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mailspring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/makehuman_bg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/makemkv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mandrivaupdate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/manjaro-architect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/manjaro-documentation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/manjaro-settings-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/manjaro-welcome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/marble-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mark-location-symbolic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/markpado-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/marsshooter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/master-pdf-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/masterpdfeditor3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/masterpdfeditor4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/masterpdfeditor5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-ax-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-brightness-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-color-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-cpu-frequency-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-desktop-item-edit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-disk-usage-analyzer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-eyes-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-indicator-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-inhibit-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-netspeed-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-network-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-notification-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-clock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-fish-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-force-quit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-notification-area-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-window-list-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-window-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-panel-workspace-switcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-power-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-power-statistics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-sensors-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-session-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-sticky-notes-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mate-system-log-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mateconf-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/matepalimpsest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mathomatic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/matlab-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mattermost-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/maxima-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/maxima-new-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/maya-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mdmflexiserver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mdmsetup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/me-tv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/me.kozec.syncthingtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/media-optical-copy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/media-player-48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mediainfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mediawriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mednafen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mellowplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mendeley-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/menu-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/menulibre-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/messengerfordesktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/metacity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mgba-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/microsoft-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/midnightcommander-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/midori-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/min-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minecraft-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minetest-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minimizeall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minitube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/minitunes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mint-dev-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintdrivers-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintinstall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintlocale-im-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintnanny-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintreport-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintsources-additional-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintsources-foreign-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintsources-keys-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintsources-maintenance-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintsources-mint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintsources-ppa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintsources-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintstick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintupdate-release-upgrade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintupdate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mintupload-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/miro-guide-source-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mixxx-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mki3dgame-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mkv-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mkvinfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mkvmerge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mkvtoolnix-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mmex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/money-manager-ex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/moneydance-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/moneydance_icon512-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/monilet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mono-runtime-common-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mono-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/monodoc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mousepad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mozc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mozilla-firefox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mozo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mp3splt-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mpd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mpv-icon-8bit-64x64-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mpv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mscore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/msiexec-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mucommander-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mugshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mullvad-vpn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multibootusb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multimedia-audio-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multimedia-photo-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multimedia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multimedia-video-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multisystem-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multisystem-liveusb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multisystem-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/multitasking-view-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/muon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/muondiscover-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mupdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/museic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/musescore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/musicbrainz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/musique-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mutt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mutter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mygpo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mynotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/mypaint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/myrulib-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/naev-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/natronIcon256_linux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nautilus-actions-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nautilus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/navicat-postgresql-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/navit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ndm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nemo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nerolinuxexpress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nestopia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.ankiweb.Anki-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.baseart.Glide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.blockout.BlockOutII-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.danigm.timetrack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.fsuae.FS-UAE-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.mancubus.SLADE-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.mediaarea.AVIMetaEdit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.mediaarea.BWFMetaEdit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.mediaarea.DVAnalyzer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.mediaarea.MOVMetaEdit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.mediaarea.MediaConch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.mediaarea.MediaInfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.mediaarea.QCTools-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.meijn.onvifviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.minetest.Minetest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.olofson.KoboDeluxe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.openra.OpenRA-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.openra.OpenRA.openra-cnc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.openra.OpenRA.openra-d2k-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.oz9aec.Gpredict-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.pcsx2.PCSX2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.pioneerspacesim.Pioneer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.poedit.Poedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.redeclipse.RedEclipse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.runelite.RuneLite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.scribus.Scribus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sf.fuse_emulator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sf.nootka-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.Chessx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.ExtremeTuxRacer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.Fillets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.Klavaro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.Ri-li-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.TuxFootball-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.atanks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.btanks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.chromium-bsu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.electrip.Electrip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.mars-game-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.projectM-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.qtpfsgui.LuminanceHDR-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.torcs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.sourceforge.xournal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.supertuxkart.SuperTuxKart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/net.wz2100.wz2100-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/netbeans-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/netflix-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-defaultroute-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-firewall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-idle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-preference-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-preferences-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-wired-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-wireless-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/networkmanager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/neverputt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/new_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nicotine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nicotineplus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nip2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nixnote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nl.hjdskes.gcolor3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nl.openoffice.bluefish-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nm-device-wireless-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nmap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nocover-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nocturn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/noise-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/noson-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notepad-48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notepad_plus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notepadqq-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notes-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notes-up-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notification-daemon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/notifyconf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ntfs-config-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nutstore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nutty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_8tracks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_bandcamp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_deezer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_google_play_music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_groove-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_jango-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_mixcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_plex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_soundcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_spotify-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_yandex_music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nuvolaplayer3_youtube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvidia-310-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvidia-current-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvidia-current-updates-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvidia-drivers-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvidia-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvidia-x-server-setting-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvidia-x-server-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvim-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nvim-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nylas-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/nylas-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/obconf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ocenaudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ocrfeeder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/octavebackend-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/odrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/office-address-book-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/office-addressbook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/office-calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/office-date-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/officerunner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okteta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okular-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_chm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_comicbook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_djvu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_dvi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_epub-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_fax-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_fb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_ghostview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_kimgio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_md-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_mobi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_ooo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_pdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_plucker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_tiff-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_txt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/okularApplication_xps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/onboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openarena128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openbazaar2client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openbox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/opencubicplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openjdk-10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openjdk-11-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openjdk-6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openjdk-7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openjdk-8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openjdk-9-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openjdk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-printeradmin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openoffice4-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openra-d2k-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openshot-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/openterm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/opera-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/opera-developer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/optimizer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oracle-javaws-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oracle-sqldeveloper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oracle_java10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oracle_java11-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oracle_java6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oracle_java7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oracle_java8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oracle_java9-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/orage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/orage_globaltime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/oregano-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.DolphinEmu.dolphin-emu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.apache.netbeans-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.armagetronad.ArmagetronAdvanced-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.audacityteam.Audacity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.avidemux.Avidemux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.baedert.corebird-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.blender.Blender-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.bunkus.mkvtoolnix-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.bzflag.BZFlag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.clementine_player.Clementine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.codeblocks.codeblocks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.cznic.Datovka-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.darktable.Darktable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.davmail.DavMail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.debian.TuxPuck-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.develz.Crawl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.eclipse.iot.fourdiac.Ide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.equeim.Tremotesf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.ethereum.Mist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.eu.encom.matrique-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.eu.encom.spectral-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.fedoraproject.MediaWriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.filezillaproject.Filezilla-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.flarerpg.Flare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.flatpak.qtdemo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.flightgear.FlightGear-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.freecadweb.FreeCAD-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.freeciv.Freeciv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.freedesktop.GlxInfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.freedesktop.GstDebugViewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.freedesktop.Piper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.freedesktop.fwupd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.freefilesync.FreeFileSync-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.frozen_bubble.frozen-bubble-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gahshomar.Gahshomar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gajim.Gajim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.games.Games-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.geany.Geany-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.geogebra.GeoGebra-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gimp.GIMP-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gna.Warmux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnode.NixView-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome-Boxes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Aisleriot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.ArchiveManager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Bijiben-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Books-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Boxes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Builder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Calculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Characters-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Cheese-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Chess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.ChromeGnomeShell-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Clocks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.ColorViewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Contacts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.DejaDup-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Devhelp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Dictionary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.DiskUtility-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Disks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Documents-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Empathy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Eolie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Epiphany-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Evolution-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.FeedReader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Files-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Four-in-a-row-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Fractal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Games-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Geany-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Geary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Gedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Genius-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Glade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Gnote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Gtranslator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Hitori-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.IconPreview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Keysign-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Klotski-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.LightsOff-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Logs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Lollypop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Mahjongg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Maps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Mines-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.MultiWriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Nautilus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.OfficeRunner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.PasswordSafe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Photos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Podcasts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Polari-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Quadrapassel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Recipes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Reversi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Rhythmbox3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Robots-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Screenshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Shotwell-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Software-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.SoundRecorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Sudoku-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.SwellFoop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Sysprof-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.SystemMonitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Tali-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Taquin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Tetravex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Tomboy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Totem-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Usage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Weather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Weather.Application-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.Yelp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.baobab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.books-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.builder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.cheese-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.chess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.clocks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.dfeet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.documents-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.eog-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.epiphany-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.files-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.five-or-more-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.font-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.frogr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.games-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.gbrainy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.gedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.ghex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.gitg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.glabels-3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.hitori-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.iagno-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.lollypop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.mahjongg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.maps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.meld-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.nautilus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.photos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.polari-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.powerstats-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.quadrapassel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.recipes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.software-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.tetravex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.todo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.totem-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.tweak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.tweaks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.tweaks.desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.weather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnome.weather.application-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnu.emacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gnucash.GnuCash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.godotengine.Godot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.Connectagram-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.CuteMaze-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.FocusWriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.Gottet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.Hexalate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.Kapow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.NovProg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.Peg-E-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.Simsu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.Tanglet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gottcode.Tetzle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.gpodder.gpodder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.inkscape.Inkscape-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.jamovi.jamovi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.jdownloader.JDownloader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.accountwizard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.elisa-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.gcompris-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kalzium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kapman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.katomic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kblocks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kbounce-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kbruch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kdenlive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kdiamond-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kgeography-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kgoldrunner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.khangman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kigo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.killbots-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kiten-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kjumpingcube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.klickety-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.klines-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kmix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kmplot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.knavalbattle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.knetwalk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kolourpaint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kontact-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.krita-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.ksquares-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kstars-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.ksudoku-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.ktuberling-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kubrick-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.kwordquiz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.lokalize-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.okular-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.palapeli-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kde.skrooge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.kicad_pcb.KiCad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.laptop.TurtleArtActivity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-base-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-calc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-draw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-impress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-math-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-startcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-writer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.libretro.RetroArch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.linux_hardware.hw-probe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.mapeditor.Tiled-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.megaglest.MegaGlest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.mozilla.Firefox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.mozilla.FirefoxDevEdition-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.mozilla.FirefoxNightly-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.mozilla.Thunderbird-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.musescore.MuseScore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.musicbrainz.Picard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.mypaint.MyPaint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.naev.Naev-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.nextcloud.Nextcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.notepad_plus_plus.Notepad-plus-plus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.octave.Octave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.openclonk.OpenClonk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.openmw.OpenMW-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.openscad.OpenSCAD-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.openshot.OpenShot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.openstreetmap.josm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.openttd.OpenTTD-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.osgeo.grass-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.pencil2d.Pencil2D-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.photoqt.PhotoQt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.pitivi.Pitivi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.pjbroad.EternallandsClient-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.ppsspp.PPSSPP-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.processing.processingide-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.pwmt.zathura-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.pyzo.pyzo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.qbittorrent.qBittorrent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.qgis.qgis-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.qownnotes.QOwnNotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.quassel_irc.QuasselClient-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.remmina.Remmina-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.sauerbraten.Sauerbraten-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.scantailor.ScanTailor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.scummvm.ScummVM-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.seul.pingus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.shotcut.Shotcut-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.signal.Signal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.speed_dreams.SpeedDreams-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.speedcrunch.SpeedCrunch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.stellarium.Stellarium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.subsurface_divelog.Subsurface-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.supertux.SuperTux-Milestone1-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.supertuxproject.SuperTux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.synfig.SynfigStudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.taisei_project.Taisei-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.telegram.desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.texstudio.TeXstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.tordini.flavio.Minitube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.tuxfamily.StuntRally-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.tuxfamily.XMoto-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.tuxpaint.Tuxpaint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.videolan.VLC-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.vim.Vim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.wesnoth.Wesnoth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.xiphos.Xiphos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.xonotic.Xonotic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.zealdocs.Zeal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.zim_wiki.Zim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.zotero.Zotero-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/org.zulip.Zulip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/osmo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/osmscout-server-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/overgrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/p7zip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/package-manager-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/package_system-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/packet-tracer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/palapeli-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/palaura-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/palette-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/palimpsest-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pamac-updater-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/panini-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/paperwork-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/paprefs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/parcellite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/parlatype-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/parole-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/paromplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/partitionmanager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/password-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/passwords-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/passwords-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/patchage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pb-for-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcbcalculator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcsx-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcsx2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcsxr-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pcsxr_pcsxr-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pdfarranger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pdfeditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pdfmod-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pdfsam-basic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pdfshuffler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pgAdmin4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pgadmin3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/phonon-gstreamer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/photocollage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/photofilmstrip-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/photolayoutseditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/photoqt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/photoshop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/photowall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/picard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pick-colour-picker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pidgin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pinegrow-web-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pinegrow-web-pro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pinegrow-web-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pinta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pirut-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pithos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pitivi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pk-package-sources-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pkgbrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/planetkde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plank-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/planner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/planwork-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plasma-media-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plasma-mobile-phone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plasma-search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plasmadiscover-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plasmagik-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plasmashell-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plasmavault-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/playmymusic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/playmyvideos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/playstore-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plex-media-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plexmediamanager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plugin-notification-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plugin-stars-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/plv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pnmixer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/podcast-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/poedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/polari-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pomodoro-indicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/popcorntime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/portal2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/porthole-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/postr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/postscript-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/power-statistics-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-activities-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-bluetooth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-calendar-and-tasks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-color-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-applications-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-baloo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-color-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-cryptography-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-default-applications-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-display-color-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-font-installer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-gaming-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-icons-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-multimedia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-notification-bell-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-notification-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-notifications-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-peripherals-directory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-personal-directory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-personal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-plasma-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-printer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-sharing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-theme-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-tweaks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-user-password-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-user-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-gtk-config-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-kde-connect-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-mail-accounts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-power-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-bluetooth-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-details-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-firewall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-login-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-network-sharing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-network-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-parental-controls-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-power-management-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-power-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-services-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-session-services-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-session-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-time-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-windows-move-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-windows-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-theme-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-tweaks-anim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-tweaks-cerbere-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-tweaks-shadows-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-tweaks-slingshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-ubuntu-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-wallpaper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/printer-driver-deepin-cloud-print-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/privacy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/psensor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/psi-plus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pspp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ptbatcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/puddletag-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pure-data-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pure_data-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/puredata-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/putty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pyRenamer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pycad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pycharm-community-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pycharm-education-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pycharm-professional-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pychess-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/pynvim-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python2.6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python2.7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python3.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python3.1-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python3.2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python3.3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python3.4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python3.5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/python3.6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/q4wine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qbittorrent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qbrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qctools-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qdbusviewer-qt4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qdbusviewer-qt5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qdbusviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qdbusviewer5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qdirstat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qemu-system-aarch64-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qemu-system-arm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qemu-system-i386-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qemu-system-x86_64-spice-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qemu-system-x86_64-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qgo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qjack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qjackctl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qjoypad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qlandkartegt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qlipper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qmapshack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qmmp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qnapi-48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qnapi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qomp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qownnotes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qpdfview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qps-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qreator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qrshare-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt-assistant-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt-creator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt-designer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt-linguist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt4-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt4logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt5-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qt5ct-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtassistant-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtconfig-qt4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtconfig-qt5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtconfig-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtcreator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtcreator_logo_32-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtcreatorubuntu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtdbusviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtdesigner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtfm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtgain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtikz-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtlinguist-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtlogo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtoctave-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtox-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qtqr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quake1-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quake3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quake4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quicksynergy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quimup64-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/quiterss-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qupzilla-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qv4l2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qvidcap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/qwinff-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rabbitvcs-small-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rabbitvcs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/racket-slideshow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/radeon-profile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/radiotray-ng-on-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/radiotray-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ramme-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rawtherapee-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rclock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/realtimesync-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/realvnc-vncviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/recoll-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/record-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/recordmydesktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/reddit-is-a-dead-bird-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redhat-server_settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redhat-tools-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redhat-web-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rednotebook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redshift-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redshift-icon-256-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/redshiftgui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/referencer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/regedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/relay-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/reload-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/remote-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/remote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/repository-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/resapplet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/restart_highlight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/retext-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/revelation-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/reversi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rexloader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ricin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ring-kde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/riot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ripperx-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ristretto-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rlogo_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/roccat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rocketchat-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/root-terminal-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rootxterm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rosa-imagewriter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rosamp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/roxterm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rpmdrake-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rssguard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rssnow-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rssowl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rssreader-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rto-proxy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/rtt-rstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sayonara-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sc-apps-gcompris-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sc-controller-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scans2pdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scantailor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scratch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/screengrab-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/screenruler-icon-32x32-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/screenruler-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/screenruler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/screensaver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/screenshot-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scribus-ng-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scribus-trunk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/script-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/scudcloud-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/seafile-client-qt5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/seafile-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/seahorse-preferences-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/seahorse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/seamonkey-mozilla-build-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/seamonkey-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/searchmonkey-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/securecrt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/securecrt_64-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sepolicy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/serviio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/session-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/setroubleshoot_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sgt-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sheets-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/shotcut-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/showfoto-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/showmypictures-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/shutdown_highlight-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/signal-desktop-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/signon-ui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/simple-ccsm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/simplenote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/simsu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/skanlite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/skrooge-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/skypeforlinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sleep-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/slidewall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smartcode-stremio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smartgit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smartgithg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smartphonetrusted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smb4k-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smilla-enlarger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smillaenlarger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smtube-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smuxi-frontend-gnome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/smuxi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/snapshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/snaptastic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-boutique-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-properties-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-properties-mint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-sources-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-store-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-update-available-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/software-update-urgent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/softwarecenter-debian-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/softwarecenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/softwarecenter-ubuntu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sonata-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/songwrite-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/songwrite3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sound-box-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sound-juicer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sound-recorder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/soundconverter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/soundkonverter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/soundnode-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spacefm-find-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spectacle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spice-up-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spotify-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spotify-linux-48x48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/spotify-linux-512x512-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sqldeveloper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sqlitebrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sqliteman-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sr-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ssh-askpass-gnome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stacer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/standard-notes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/starbound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stargus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/start-here-archlinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/start-here-korora-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/start-here-lubuntu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/staruml-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam-launcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_105600-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_107800-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_130-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_200710-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_203770-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_206440-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_20920-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_210770-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_211820-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_218620-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_219740-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_220-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_220200-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_221810-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_222880-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_22600-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_227300-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_228360-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_231430-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_233840-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_235820-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_236390-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_238320-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_239200-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_240-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_249590-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_250600-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_250820-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_252490-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_252950-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_255220-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_255300-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_257510-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_258890-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_269670-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_280-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_289070-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_291650-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_300-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_300570-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_304930-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_310560-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_311690-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_316790-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_319630-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_319910-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_320-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_322330-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_323470-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_325610-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_340-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_344550-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_345180-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_346110-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_346900-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_35700-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_35720-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_360-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_367580-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_373340-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_373740-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_378120-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_380-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_380840-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_383870-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_386070-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_38700-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_388210-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_395160-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_400-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_4000-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_404790-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_407330-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_40800-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_41210-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_413150-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_420-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_427520-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_431730-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_440-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_450140-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_450660-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_468410-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_48000-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_487210-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_50-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_500-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_550-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_552620-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_569860-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_570-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_57300-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_598530-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_599390-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_620-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_684410-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_70-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_70300-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_730-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steam_icon_8930-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/steampowered-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stellarium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stickers-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sticky-notes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sticky-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_alarm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_help-agent-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_keyring-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_task-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_unknown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_view-details-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_xfburn-audio-cd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_xfburn-burn-cd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_xfburn-import-session-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/stock_xfburn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/streamlink-twitch-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/streamtuner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/streamtuner2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/studio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/subdownloader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sublime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sublime-text-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sublime-text-3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sublime-text2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sublime_text-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sublimetext-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/subtitlecomposer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sudoku-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java-jdk10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java-jdk5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java-jdk6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java-jdk7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java-jdk8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java-jdk9-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java-jre10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java-jre8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java32-jdk5-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java32-jdk6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java32-jdk7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-java32-jdk8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws-jdk10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws-jdk6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws-jdk7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws-jdk8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws-jdk9-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws-jre10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws-jre8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws32-jdk6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws32-jdk7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-javaws32-jdk8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol-jdk10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol-jdk6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol-jdk7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol-jdk8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol-jdk9-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol-jre10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol-jre8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol32-jdk6-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol32-jdk7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sun-jcontrol32-jdk8-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/superproductivity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/supertux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/supertuxkart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/supertuxkart_128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/supertuxkart_48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/susehelpcenter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/svp-manager4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sw4stm32-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/swatchbooker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/swatches-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sylpheed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/synaptic-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/syncthing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/syncthingtray-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/synergy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sysprof-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/sysprof-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-authentication-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-date-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-displayca-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-printer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-selinux-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-services-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-config-users-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-error-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-file-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-hibernate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-installer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-monitor-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-os-installer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-restart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-shut-down-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-software-installer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/system-users-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/systemback-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/systemsettings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/teamspeak3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/telegram-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/telepathy-kde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/telepathy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tellico-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/terminal-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/terminal-tango-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/terminator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/terminix-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/terminology-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/texdoctk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/texmacs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/texmaker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/texstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/text-editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/textmate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/textosaurus-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/texworks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thermal-monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thg_logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thimbleweed-parchive-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thunderbird-3.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thunderbird-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thunderbird-mozilla-build-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/thunderbird-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tilda-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/time-admin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/time-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/timetrack-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tint2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tint2conf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tipp10-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tixat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tmm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/to-do-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/to-the-moon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tomboy-note-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tomboy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tools-report-bug-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tools-wizard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/topmenu-applet-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-browser-en-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-browser-es-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-browser-fr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-browser-it-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-browser-pt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-browser-ru-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-messenger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/torbrowser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/torcs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tormessenger-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tortoisehg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/totem-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/touchpad-indicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/touchpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/toxygen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tracker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tracktion-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tracktion7-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tranquil-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transfer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transgui-2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transgui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transmageddon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transmission-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transmission-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transmission-remote-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/transporter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trashindicator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trine2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/trine3-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tron-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/truecrypt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ts3client_linux_amd64-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/turtleart-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tusk-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tuxboot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tuxpaint-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tuxpuck-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tuxracer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tv.kodi.Kodi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tvmaxe-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tvtime-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tweaks-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/tweetdeck-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubinary-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubiquity-kde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubiquity-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntu-cleaner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntu-kylin-software-center-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntu-qtcreator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntu-tweak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntu-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntuone-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ubuntusoftware-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/uget-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/uk.co.mangobrain.Infector-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ukuu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/umplayer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unetbootin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-datetime-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-display-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-lens-photos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-online-accounts-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-power-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-scope-gdrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-webapps-facebook-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-webapps-gmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-webapps-twitter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/unity-webapps-wordpress-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/update-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/upload-pictures-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/urserver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/urxvt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/urxvt_48x48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/us.zoom.Zoom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/usage-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/usb-creator-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/usb-creator-kde-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/usb-creator-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/user-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/user-info-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/user_icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/userdrake-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/userinfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/users-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/uterror-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-energy-monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-file-archiver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-log-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-root-terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-system-monitor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-terminal_su-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/utilities-x-terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/valacompiler-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/valama-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/variety-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vbam-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vcard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vdochat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vdrift-64x64-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/veracrypt.xpm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vidcutter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/video-display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/video-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/video-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/videochat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/view-file-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/viewnior-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/viking-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vim-qt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vinagre-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/virt-viewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/virtualbox-ose-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/visual-studio-code-insiders-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/visual-studio-code-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vivaldi-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vivaldi-snapshot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vivaldi-stable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vlc-kb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmnetcfg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmware-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vmware-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vocal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vokoscreen-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/volume-knob-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vstudio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vuescan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/vuze-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wacom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/war-thunder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/warmux_128x128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/warzone2100-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/waterfox-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/weather-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/weather-widget-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/web-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/web-google-gmail-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/web-google-gmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webbrowser-app-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/webcamoid-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/website.i2pd.i2pd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/weechat-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wesnoth-1.10-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wesnoth-1.10_editor-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wesnoth-1.12-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wesnoth-1.12_editor-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wesnoth-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wesnoth_editor-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wesnoth_editor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/whatsapp-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wicd-gtk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wicd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wifi-radar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/window-duplicate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/windstille-0.2-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wine-file.0-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wine-help-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wine-notepad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wine-uninstaller-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wine-winecfg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/winecfg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/winefile-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/winemine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/winepak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/winetricks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/winhelp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wire-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wl-ico-64-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wmtweaks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/woeusbgui-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wolfram-mathematica-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wolfram-player-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wordpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/words-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wordview-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wordview.xpm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/work.openpaper.Paperwork-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/workspace-switcher-left-bottom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/workspace-switcher-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wpcom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wps-office-wppmain-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wpscan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wpscrackgui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ws.openarena.OpenArena-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/www-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wxHexEditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wxbanker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wxcas-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wxglade-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/wxmaxima-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/x-calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/x-office-address-book-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/x-pdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/x-system-software-sources-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xane-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xarchiver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xchat-gnome-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xchat-mini-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xchm-48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xcos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xdiagnose-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xed-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xedit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfburn-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfcalendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-dict-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-edit-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-filemanager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-man-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-mount-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-newmail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-schedule-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-system-info-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-system-lock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-system-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-terminal-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-theme-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-ui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce-unknown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-about-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-appfinder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-backdrop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-battery-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-clipman-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-clock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-cpufreq-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-cpugraph-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-dict-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-display-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-indicator-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-mcs-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-menueditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-mixer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-netload-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-notes-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-notifyd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-panel-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-power-manager-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-session-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-settings-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-splash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-system-lock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-time-out-plugin-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-timer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-ui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-weather-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce4-workspaces-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfce_unknown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfdashboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfpm-ac-adapter-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfpm-suspend-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfsm-hibernate-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfsm-logout-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfsm-reboot-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfsm-shutdown-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfsm-suspend-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfsm-switch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xfwm4-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/ximian-evolution-calendar-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xine-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xiphos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xmlcopyeditor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xmms-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xnretro-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xnsketch-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xorg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xpad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xpdf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xpf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xreader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xsane-logo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xsane-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xscreensaver-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xt7-player-mpv-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xterm-color-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xterm-color_48x48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xterm-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xvidcap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xviewer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xvkbd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/xyz.z3ntu.razergenie-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/y-ppa-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yacreader-library-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yacreader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yakuake-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yandex-browser-beta-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yarock-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-addon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-bootloader-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-checkmedia-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-device-tree-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-disk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-firewall-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-hardware-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-high_availability-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-host-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-hwinfo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-inetd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-iscsi-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-kerberos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-lan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-language-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-ldap-server-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-live-install-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-mail-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-messages-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-misc-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-network_services-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-nfs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-nis-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-ntp-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-online_update-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-powertweak-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-printer-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-proxy-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-release-notes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-remote-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-runlevel-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-samba-client-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-samba-server-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-scanner-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-security-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-snapper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-software-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-sudo-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-support-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-sw_single-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-sw_source-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-sysconfig-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-system-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-tftp-server-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-timezone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-users-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-vendor-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-vm-install-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yast-x11-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yd-128-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yishu-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/youtube-dl-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/youtube-dl-gui_48x48-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/youtube-dl-qt-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/youtube-dl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/youtube-dlg-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yubikey-personalization-gui-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yubikey-piv-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yubioath-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yumex-dnf-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/yumex-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zathura-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zen-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zenmap-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zipper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zoom-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zoom-icon-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/apps/symbolic/zsnes-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/categories termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/audio-speakers-bluetooth.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-camera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-cellular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-device.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-handheld.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-handsfree.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-headset.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-laptop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-loudspeaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-mouse.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-pointing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-scanner.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/blueman-smart-phone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/camera-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/camera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/computer-apple-ipad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/device-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-cdrom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk-root.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk-system.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-removable-media-usb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/drive-virtual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-battery.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-cdrom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-computer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-dvd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-ethernet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-floppy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-ipod.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-media-cf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-media-ms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-media-sm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-printer-new.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-printer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-removable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-dev-wavelan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/gnome-phone-manager.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/joystick.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/laptop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-cdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-cdrom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-cdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-dvd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-dvdrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-flash-smart-media.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-memory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-blu-ray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-data.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-dvd-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-recordable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/media-optical-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/modem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/network-server-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/network-wireless-hotspot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/removable-media.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/server-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/stock_cell-phone.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/16@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/22 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/24 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/32 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/32@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/48 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/48@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/64 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/64@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-camera-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-cellular-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-handheld-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-handsfree-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-headset-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-loudspeaker-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-pointing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/blueman-smart-phone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/camera-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/device-notifier-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-cdrom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/gnome-dev-harddisk-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/gnome-fs-blockdev-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/gnome-phone-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-cdr-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-cdrom-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-cdrw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-dvd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-dvdrw-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-audio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-blu-ray-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-data-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-dvd-video-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-mixed-cd-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-recordable-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-video-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/removable-media-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/stock_cell-phone-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/devices/symbolic/unity-fallback-mount-helper-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/checkmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-dropbox-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-insync-error-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-insync-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-insync-synced-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-insync-synced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-insync-syncing-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-insync-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-noread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-nowrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-calculating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-complicated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-conflicted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-deleted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-eerror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-ignored.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-obstructed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-read_only.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-rabbitvcs-unversioned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-success.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-unavailable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16/emblem-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/16@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/checkmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-dropbox-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-insync-error-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-insync-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-insync-synced-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-insync-synced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-insync-syncing-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-insync-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-noread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-nowrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-calculating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-complicated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-conflicted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-deleted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-eerror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-ignored.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-obstructed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-read_only.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-rabbitvcs-unversioned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-success.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-unavailable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22/emblem-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/checkmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-dropbox-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-insync-error-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-insync-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-insync-synced-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-insync-synced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-insync-syncing-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-insync-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-noread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-nowrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-calculating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-complicated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-conflicted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-deleted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-eerror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-ignored.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-obstructed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-read_only.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-rabbitvcs-unversioned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-success.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-unavailable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24/emblem-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/checkmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-dropbox-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-insync-error-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-insync-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-insync-synced-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-insync-synced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-insync-syncing-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-insync-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-noread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-nowrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-calculating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-complicated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-conflicted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-deleted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-eerror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-ignored.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-obstructed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-read_only.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-rabbitvcs-unversioned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-success.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-unavailable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32/emblem-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/32@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/checkmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-checked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-dropbox-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-insync-error-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-insync-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-insync-synced-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-insync-synced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-insync-syncing-shared.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-insync-syncing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-noread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-nowrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-added.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-calculating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-complicated.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-conflicted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-deleted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-eerror.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-ignored.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-locked.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-modified.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-obstructed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-read_only.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-rabbitvcs-unversioned.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-success.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-unavailable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48/emblem-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emblems/48@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/16 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/16@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/22 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/24 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/32 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/32@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48/face-raspberry-squint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/emotes/48@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/16 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/16@2 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/24 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/24@2 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/32 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/32@2 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/48 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/48@2 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/intl/64@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-acad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-apk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-archive-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-archive-zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-atom+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-audio-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-autocad_dwg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-clariscad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-document-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-document-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-drawing-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-dwg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-dxf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-eps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-ffDiaporama.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-font-snf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-geo+json.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-gpx+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-gpx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-gzip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-image-bmp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-image-gif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-image-ico.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-image-jpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-image-png.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-image-psd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-image-tga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-image-tiff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-msword-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-msword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-music-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-music-playlist-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-octet-stream.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-ogg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pgp-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pgp-keys.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pgp-signature.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pgp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pkcs7-mime.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pkcs7-signature.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pkix-cerl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pkix-cert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-presentation-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-rar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-rdata.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-relaxng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-rss+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-rtf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-sql.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-sxw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-table-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-template-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-text-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vector-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vestor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.appimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.corel-draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.geo+json.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.google-earth.kml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.google-earth.kmz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.doc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.form.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.link.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.note.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.script.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.sheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.slides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.table.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-access.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.master-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.rar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.recordare.musicxml+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.recordare.musicxml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.scribus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.xdgapp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-web-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-word-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.doc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.docx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.dot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.dotx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-7z-ace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-7z-arj.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-7z-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-abiword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-acad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-addon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-anki.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-anki2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-apkg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-aportisdoc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-appimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-applix-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-arc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-arj.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-autocad.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-awk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-backpack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bittorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzdvi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzip-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzpostscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cda.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-class-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-compress-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-compress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cpio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-csproj.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cue.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cuecard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-deb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-dgn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-domingo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-dwg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-egon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-eps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-executable-script.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-extension-fcstd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-extension-html.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-flash-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-flashqard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-afm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-bdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-dos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-framemaker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-libgrx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-linux-psf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-otf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-pcf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-snf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-speedo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-sunos-news.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-tex-tfm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-tex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-ttf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-ttx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-type1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-vfont.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gba-rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-genesis-rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gnumeric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gpx+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gpx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-granuledeck.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gtk-builder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gzdvi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gzip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gzpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gzpostscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-img.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-iso.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-jar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-java-applet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-java-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-jmemorizelesson.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-jokosher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-jvlt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-k3b.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-keepass.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-keepass2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kformula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kgeographymap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kgetlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kontour.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kvtml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lhz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lrzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lrzip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ludem.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lzip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lzma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lzop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lzpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-m4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-matroska.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mimearchive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mobi8-ebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mobipocket-ebook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-model.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mplayer2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-msdownload.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-msi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mswrite.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-musescore+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-musescore.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-n64-rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-nes-rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-nzb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-object.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ole-storage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-openteachingmedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-openteachingtopography.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-openteachingwords.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-oriente-voca.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-overhoor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-overhoringsprogrammatalen.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pauker.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pem-key.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pkcs12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-qet-element.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-qet-project.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-quattropro.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-r-project.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-rar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-riff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-rpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ruby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sami.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-shar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-shared-library-la.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-shellscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-siag.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sln.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-smb-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sms-rom.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sony-bbeb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sqlite2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sqlite3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-stuffit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tarz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-teach2000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-teachmaster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tex-gf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tgif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-thz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-troff-man.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tzo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-vocabularium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-vokabeltrainer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-webarchive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-wmf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-wrts.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xpinstall.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xzpdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-yaml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-zerosize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-zoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xhtml+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xml-dtd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xsd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xslt+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xspf+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/application-zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/ascii.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-aac.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-ac3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-m4a.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-midi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-midio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-mp2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-mp3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-mp4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-mpeg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-prs.sid.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-scpls.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-aac.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-adpcm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-aiff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-flac.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-it.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-m4a.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-midi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-midio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-monkey.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-mp2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-mp3-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-mpeg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-mpegurl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-mpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-ms-wma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-scpis.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-scpls.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-shorten.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-smart-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-vorbis+ogg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-wav.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-xi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-xm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/audiobook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/authors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/binary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/contents2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/deb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/divx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/drawing-dwg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/exec.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/extension.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/folder_tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/font-otf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/font-ttf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/font-woff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/font-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/font.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/font_bitmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/font_truetype.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/font_type1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/fonts-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gddoc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gddraw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gdsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gdslides.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gedit-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-fs-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-fs-regular.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-atom+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-msword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-ogg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-pdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-postscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-rss+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-rtf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-7zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-ace.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-class-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compress.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-designer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-glade.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-app-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-illustrator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-lzop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-php.package-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-php.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-ruby.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-shar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-x-zoo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-application-zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-bmp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-gif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-png.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-tiff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-imagebmp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-css.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-html.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-plain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-c.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-gtkrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-install.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-java-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-python.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-asf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-wmv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gnome-package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/gtk-file.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/html.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-blank.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-bmp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-cgm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-emf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-eps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-gif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-ico.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-jpeg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-jpeg2000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-openraster.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-png.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-svg+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-tiff-multipage.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-tiff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.adobe.photoshop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.dwg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.zbrush.pcx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-webp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-wmf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-3ds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-adobe-dng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-canon-cr2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-canon-crw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-dwg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-emf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-eps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-exr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-fuji-raf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-hdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-ico.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-kodak-dcr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-kodak-kdc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-krita.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-minolta-mrw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-nikon-nef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-olympus-orf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-panasonic-raw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-panasonic-raw2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-panasonic-rw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-panasonic-rw2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-pcx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-pentax-pef.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-psd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-sigma-x3f.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-sony-arw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-svg+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-tga.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-win-bitmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-win-bmp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-wmf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-xcursor.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-xfig.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-xpixmap.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/internet-feed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/jpeg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/jpg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/kpresenter_kpr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libpeas-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-master-docment.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-master-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-text-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-web.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/media-audio.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/media-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/media-video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/message-news.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/message-rfc822.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/mime_ascii.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/misc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model-fcstd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model-vnd.dwf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model-vrml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model-x.stl-binary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model-x3d+binary.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model-x3d+vrml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model-x3d+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/model-x3d.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/multipart-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/odf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/office-contact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/office-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/office-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/office-illustration.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/office-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/office-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/openofficeorg3-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/openofficeorg3-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/openofficeorg3-extension.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/openofficeorg3-oasis-database.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/openofficeorg3-oasis-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/opera-extension.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/package-gdebi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/package-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/package.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/package_editors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/package_wordprocessing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/plan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/playlist-automatic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/rar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/raw.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/rpm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/shellscript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/source-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/source-smart-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/stock_addressbook.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/stock_calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/stock_certificate.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/stock_new-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/stock_playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/stock_script.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/stock_smart-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/svg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/tar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/template-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/template_source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-calendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-csharp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-csv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-enriched.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-html_alt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-htmlh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-markdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-mathml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-mht.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-plain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-r.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-rdf+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-rdf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-richtext.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-rtf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-sgml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-troff.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-vcalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-vnd.abc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-vnd.qt.linguist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-R.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-authors.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-bak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-bibtex.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-c++src.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-cmake.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-cobol.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-cpp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-cppsrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-credits.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-csrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-css.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-dtd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-generic-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-gettext-translation-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-ipynb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-java-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-java.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-javascript.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-katefilelist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-ldif.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-lilypond.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-log.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-lyx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-makefile.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-markdown.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-matlab.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-microdvd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-nfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-objchdr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-objcsrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-opml+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-opml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-patch.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-perl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-php.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-plain.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-po.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-preview.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-python3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-r-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-rsrc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-rust.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-scheme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-scss.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-source.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-ssa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-texinfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-theme.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-xslfo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-xhtml+xml.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text-xmcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/text2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/tgz.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/torrent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/txt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/txt2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-mms.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-mmst.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-mmsu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-pnm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-rtspt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-rtspu.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/vcalendar.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/vcard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-mlt-playlist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-mp4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-vivo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-wavelet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-webm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-anim.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-flic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-flv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-generic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-javafx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-matroska.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-mng.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-ms-asf-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-ms-asf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-ms-wmp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-ms-wmv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-msvideo.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-nsv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-sgi-movie.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-theora+ogg.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-wmv.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/video.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-hdd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-ova.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-ovf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vdi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vhd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vmdk.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wordprocessing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-dot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-dps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-dpt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-et.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-ett.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-pot.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-wps.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-wpt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/wps-office-xlt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/www.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-mail-distribution-list.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-address-book1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-contact.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-document-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-document.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-drawing-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-drawing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-presentation-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-presentation.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-spreadsheet.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/x-world-x-3dmf.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16/zip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/16@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/22 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/24 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/32 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/32@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/48 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/48@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/64 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/mimetypes/64@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/applications-chat-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-input-microphone-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-input-microphone-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-input-microphone-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-input-microphone-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-input-microphone-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-output-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-output-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-low-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/audio-volume-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-caution-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-full-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-good-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery-missing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery_charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery_full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/battery_plugged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueberry-tray-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueberry-tray-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueberry-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueman-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueman-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueman-tray-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueman-tray-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueman-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/blueman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/both-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/both-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/both-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/both-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/both-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/both-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/both-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/both-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/btsync-gui-connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/bumblebee-indicator-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/classicmenu-indicator-dark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/clipman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/connect_creating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/connect_established.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cpu-frequency-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/cryptfolder-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/de.haeckerfelix.gradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/desktopconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/diodon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/discord-tray-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/discord-tray-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/discord-tray-speaking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/empathy-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/empathy-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/empathy-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/empathy-extended-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/empathy-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/empathy-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-wbpy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/fluxgui-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/glipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gnome-netstatus-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gnote-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-chrome-no-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-chrome-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/google-hangouts-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpaste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-brightness-lcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-keyboard-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-keyboard-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-keyboard-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-keyboard-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-keyboard-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-keyboard-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-mouse-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-mouse-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-mouse-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-mouse-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-mouse-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-mouse-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-phone-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-phone-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-phone-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-phone-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-phone-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-phone-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-primary-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gpm-ups-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsd-xrandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gsm-3g-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/guake-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/haguichi-connecting-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hexchat-fileoffer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/hexchat-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/idle-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/idle-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/idle-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/idle-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/idle-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/idle-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/idle-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-rss-aware-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-rss-aware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/input-caps-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/insync-synced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/kazam-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/kazam-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keepassxc-dark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/keepassxc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-modem-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-modem-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-modem-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-modem-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-modem-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-network-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-network-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-network-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-network-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-network-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-wireless-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-wireless-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-wireless-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-wireless-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/laptop-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/laptop-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/laptop-trusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/liferea-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/liferea-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mic-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/mic-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/msd-xrandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wired-secure-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-adhoc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-device-wired-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-device-wired-secureoffline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-device-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-device-wireless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-device-wwan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-no-connection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-secure-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-0-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-00-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-00.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-100-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-25-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-50-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-75-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-signal-75.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-tech-lte.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/no-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/octopi-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/onboard-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/overgrive-app-ind-con-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/overgrive-app-ind-con-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/overgrive-app-ind-con-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/overgrive-app-ind-sleep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/overgrive-app-ind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pamac-tray-no-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pamac-tray-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pidgin-tray-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pidgin-tray-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pidgin-tray-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pidgin-tray-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pidgin-tray-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pidgin-tray-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pidgin-tray-xa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pithos-tray-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator-transparent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/pushbullet-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/qbittorrent-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/radiotray-ng-off-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/radiotray-ng-on-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/receiving-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/receiving-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/receiving-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/receiving-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/record-desktop-indicator-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/record-desktop-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rhythmbox-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rhythmbox-notplaying.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rocketchat-tray-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rsibreak0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rsibreak1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rsibreak2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rsibreak3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rsibreak4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/rsibreakx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/scudcloud-attention-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/sflphone-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/sflphone-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/si-syncthing-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/signal-unread-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-connecting-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-connecting-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/skype-status-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/slack-indicator-highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/smartphone-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/smartphone-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/smartphone-trusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stock_weather-cloudy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stock_weather-fog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stock_weather-night-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stock_weather-showers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stock_weather-snow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/stock_weather-storm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/system-devices-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/system-devices-panel-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/system-shutdown-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tablet-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tablet-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/todo-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tomboy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/touchpad-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmission-tray-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmitting-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmitting-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmitting-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/transmitting-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tray-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tray-new-im.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tray-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/tray-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/update-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/update-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/updates-notifier-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/updates-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-available-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-away-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-busy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-idle-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-invisible-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-offline-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/user-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-low-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-medium-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-muted-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/volume-level-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-010.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-050.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-070.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-090.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-110.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-120.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-130.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-140.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-160.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-170.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-180.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-190.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-220.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-230.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-240.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-250.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-260.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-270.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-280.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-290.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-310.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-320.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-330.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-340.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-clear-night-350.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-180.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-hail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-many-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-mist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-showers-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-showers-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-snow-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-snow-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-storm-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/weather-storm-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce-newmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce-nomail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-critical-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-critical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-full-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-low-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-ok-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-battery-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-mouse-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-mouse-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-mouse-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-mouse-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-mouse-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-mouse-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-mouse-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-phone-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-phone-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-phone-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-phone-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-phone-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-phone-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-phone-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-primary-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xfpm-ups-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/xkbmod-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yd-busy2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yd-busy3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yd-busy4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yd-busy5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/youtube-indicator-light-sync9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yum-indicator-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yum-indicator-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yum-indicator-no-updates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yum-indicator-updates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/yum-indicator-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16/zeal-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/16@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/applications-chat-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-input-microphone-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-input-microphone-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-input-microphone-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-input-microphone-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-input-microphone-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-output-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-output-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-low-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/audio-volume-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-caution-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-full-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-good-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery-missing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery_charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery_full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/battery_plugged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueberry-tray-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueberry-tray-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueberry-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueman-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueman-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueman-tray-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueman-tray-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueman-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/blueman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/both-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/both-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/both-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/both-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/both-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/both-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/both-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/both-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/btsync-gui-connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/bumblebee-indicator-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/classicmenu-indicator-dark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/clipman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/connect_creating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/connect_established.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cpu-frequency-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/cryptfolder-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/de.haeckerfelix.gradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/desktopconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/diodon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/discord-tray-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/discord-tray-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/discord-tray-speaking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/empathy-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/empathy-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/empathy-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/empathy-extended-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/empathy-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/empathy-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-wbpy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/fluxgui-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/glipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gnome-netstatus-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gnote-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-chrome-no-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-chrome-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/google-hangouts-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpaste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-brightness-lcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-keyboard-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-keyboard-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-keyboard-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-keyboard-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-keyboard-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-keyboard-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-mouse-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-mouse-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-mouse-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-mouse-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-mouse-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-mouse-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-phone-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-phone-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-phone-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-phone-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-phone-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-phone-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-primary-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gpm-ups-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsd-xrandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gsm-3g-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/guake-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/haguichi-connecting-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hexchat-fileoffer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/hexchat-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/idle-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/idle-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/idle-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/idle-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/idle-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/idle-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/idle-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ar-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Az-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Az-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Be-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bg-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bg-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bg-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bn-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bn-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bn-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bn-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Br-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Br-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Br-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bs-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bs-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bs-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bs-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Bs-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-By-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-By-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-By-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cm-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cm-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cm-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cm-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cm-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cs-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cs-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cs-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cs-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cs-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Cs-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Da-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Da-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Da-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Da-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Da-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-De-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-28.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-29.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-31.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-33.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-34.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-35.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-En-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Eo-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Eo-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Es-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Et-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Et-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Et-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Et-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fa-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fa-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fa-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fa-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fi-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fi-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fi-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fi-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fi-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fo-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fo-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-28.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-29.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-31.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Fr-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ga-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ga-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Gr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Gr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Gr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Gr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Gr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ha-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ha-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-He-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-He-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-He-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-He-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hi-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hi-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hi-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hu-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hy-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hy-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hy-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hy-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hy-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Hy-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ie-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ie-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ie-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ie-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ie-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-In-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-In-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-In-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-In-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-In-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Is-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Is-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Is-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Is-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Is-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-It-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-It-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-It-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-It-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-It-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-It-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ja-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ja-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ja-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ja-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ja-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ja-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ja-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ka-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ka-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ka-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ka-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ki-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ki-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ki-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Kk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Kk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Kn-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Kn-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ko-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ko-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ku-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lo-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lo-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lt-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lt-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lt-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lt-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lt-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lt-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lv-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lv-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lv-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lv-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lv-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lv-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Lv-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ml-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ml-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ml-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mt-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Mt-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Nl-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Nl-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Nl-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Nl-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-No-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pa-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pa-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ph-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pl-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ps-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ps-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Pt-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ro-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ro-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ro-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ro-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ro-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ru-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Si-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Si-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sk-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sk-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sl-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sl-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sl-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sl-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sr-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sv-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sv-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sv-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sv-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sv-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sv-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sv-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sw-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sw-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sy-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Sy-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ta-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ta-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ta-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ta-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ta-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ta-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Te-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Te-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Te-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tg-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tg-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Th-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Th-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Th-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Tr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uk-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ur-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ur-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ur-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ur-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ur-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Ur-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uz-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uz-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uz-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Uz-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Zh-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Zh-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Zh-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Zh-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Zh-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard-Zh-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-rss-aware-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-rss-aware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/input-caps-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/insync-synced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/kazam-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/kazam-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keepassxc-dark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/keepassxc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-modem-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-modem-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-modem-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-modem-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-modem-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-network-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-network-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-network-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-network-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-network-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-wireless-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-wireless-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-wireless-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-wireless-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/laptop-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/laptop-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/laptop-trusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/liferea-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/liferea-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mic-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/mic-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/msd-xrandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wired-secure-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-adhoc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-device-wired-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-device-wired-secureoffline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-device-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-device-wireless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-device-wwan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-no-connection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-secure-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-0-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-00-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-00.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-100-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-25-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-50-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-75-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-signal-75.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-tech-lte.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/no-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/octopi-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/onboard-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/overgrive-app-ind-con-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/overgrive-app-ind-con-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/overgrive-app-ind-con-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/overgrive-app-ind-sleep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/overgrive-app-ind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pamac-tray-no-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pamac-tray-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pidgin-tray-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pidgin-tray-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pidgin-tray-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pidgin-tray-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pidgin-tray-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pidgin-tray-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pidgin-tray-xa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pithos-tray-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator-transparent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/pushbullet-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/qbittorrent-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/radiotray-ng-off-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/radiotray-ng-on-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/receiving-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/receiving-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/receiving-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/receiving-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/record-desktop-indicator-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/record-desktop-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rhythmbox-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rhythmbox-notplaying.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rocketchat-tray-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rsibreak0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rsibreak1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rsibreak2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rsibreak3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rsibreak4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/rsibreakx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/scudcloud-attention-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/sflphone-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/sflphone-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/si-syncthing-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/signal-unread-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-connecting-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-connecting-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/skype-status-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/slack-indicator-highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/smartphone-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/smartphone-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/smartphone-trusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stock_weather-cloudy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stock_weather-fog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stock_weather-night-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stock_weather-showers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stock_weather-snow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/stock_weather-storm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/system-devices-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/system-devices-panel-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/system-shutdown-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tablet-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tablet-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/todo-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tomboy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/touchpad-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmission-tray-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmitting-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmitting-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmitting-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/transmitting-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tray-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tray-new-im.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tray-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/tray-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/update-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/update-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/updates-notifier-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/updates-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-available-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-away-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-busy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-idle-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-invisible-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-offline-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/user-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-low-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-medium-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-muted-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/volume-level-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-010.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-050.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-070.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-090.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-110.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-120.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-130.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-140.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-160.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-170.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-180.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-190.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-220.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-230.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-240.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-250.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-260.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-270.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-280.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-290.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-310.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-320.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-330.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-340.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-clear-night-350.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-180.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-hail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-many-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-mist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-showers-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-showers-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-snow-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-snow-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-storm-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/weather-storm-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce-newmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce-nomail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-critical-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-critical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-full-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-low-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-ok-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-battery-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-mouse-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-mouse-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-mouse-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-mouse-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-mouse-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-mouse-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-mouse-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-phone-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-phone-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-phone-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-phone-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-phone-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-phone-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-phone-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-primary-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xfpm-ups-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/xkbmod-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yd-busy2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yd-busy3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yd-busy4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yd-busy5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yum-indicator-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yum-indicator-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yum-indicator-no-updates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yum-indicator-updates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/yum-indicator-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22/zeal-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/applications-chat-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-input-microphone-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-input-microphone-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-input-microphone-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-input-microphone-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-input-microphone-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-output-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-output-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-low-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/audio-volume-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-caution-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-full-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-good-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery-missing-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery_charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery_full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/battery_plugged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueberry-tray-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueberry-tray-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueberry-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueman-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueman-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueman-tray-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueman-tray-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueman-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/blueman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/both-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/both-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/both-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/both-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/both-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/both-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/both-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/both-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/btsync-gui-connecting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/bumblebee-indicator-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/classicmenu-indicator-dark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/clipman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/connect_creating.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/connect_established.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cpu-frequency-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/cryptfolder-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/de.haeckerfelix.gradio-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/desktopconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/diodon-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/discord-tray-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/discord-tray-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/discord-tray-speaking.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/empathy-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/empathy-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/empathy-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/empathy-extended-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/empathy-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/empathy-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-wbpy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/fluxgui-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/glipper.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gnome-netstatus-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gnote-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-chrome-no-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-chrome-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/google-hangouts-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpaste.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-brightness-lcd.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-keyboard-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-keyboard-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-keyboard-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-keyboard-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-keyboard-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-keyboard-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-mouse-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-mouse-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-mouse-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-mouse-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-mouse-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-mouse-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-phone-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-phone-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-phone-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-phone-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-phone-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-phone-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-primary-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gpm-ups-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsd-xrandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gsm-3g-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/guake-tray.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/haguichi-connecting-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hexchat-fileoffer.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/hexchat-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/idle-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/idle-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/idle-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/idle-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/idle-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/idle-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/idle-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ar-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Az-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Az-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Be-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bg-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bg-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bg-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bn-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bn-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bn-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bn-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Br-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Br-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Br-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bs-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bs-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bs-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bs-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Bs-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-By-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-By-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-By-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cm-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cm-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cm-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cm-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cm-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cs-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cs-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cs-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cs-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cs-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Cs-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Da-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Da-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Da-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Da-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Da-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-De-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-28.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-29.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-31.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-32.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-33.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-34.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-35.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-En-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Eo-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Eo-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Es-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Et-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Et-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Et-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Et-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fa-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fa-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fa-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fa-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fi-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fi-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fi-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fi-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fi-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fo-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fo-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-28.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-29.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-30.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-31.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Fr-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ga-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ga-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Gr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Gr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Gr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Gr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Gr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ha-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ha-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-He-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-He-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-He-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-He-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hi-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hi-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hi-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hu-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hy-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hy-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hy-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hy-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hy-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Hy-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ie-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ie-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ie-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ie-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ie-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-In-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-In-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-In-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-In-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-In-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Is-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Is-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Is-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Is-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Is-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-It-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-It-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-It-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-It-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-It-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-It-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ja-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ja-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ja-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ja-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ja-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ja-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ja-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ka-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ka-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ka-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ka-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ki-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ki-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ki-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Kk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Kk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Kn-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Kn-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ko-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ko-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ku-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lo-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lo-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lt-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lt-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lt-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lt-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lt-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lt-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lv-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lv-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lv-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lv-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lv-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lv-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Lv-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ml-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ml-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ml-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mt-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Mt-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Nl-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Nl-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Nl-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Nl-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-No-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pa-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pa-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ph-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pl-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ps-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ps-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Pt-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ro-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ro-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ro-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ro-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ro-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-18.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-19.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-20.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-21.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-22.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-23.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-24.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-26.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-27.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ru-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Si-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Si-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sk-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sk-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sl-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sl-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sl-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sl-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-11.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-12.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-13.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-14.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-15.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-16.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-17.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sr-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sv-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sv-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sv-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sv-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sv-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sv-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sv-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sw-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sw-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sy-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Sy-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ta-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ta-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ta-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ta-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ta-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ta-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Te-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Te-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Te-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tg-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tg-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Th-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Th-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Th-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tr-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tr-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tr-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tr-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Tr-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uk-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ur-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ur-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ur-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ur-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ur-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Ur-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uz-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uz-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uz-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Uz-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Zh-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Zh-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Zh-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Zh-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Zh-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard-Zh-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-keyboard.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-rss-aware-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-rss-aware.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/input-caps-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-share.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/insync-synced.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/kazam-paused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/kazam-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keepassxc-dark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/keepassxc-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-modem-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-modem-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-modem-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-modem-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-modem-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-network-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-network-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-network-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-network-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-network-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-wireless-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-wireless-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-wireless-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-wireless-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/laptop-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/laptop-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/laptop-trusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/liferea-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/liferea-unread.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mic-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/mic-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/msd-xrandr.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wired-secure-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-adhoc.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-device-wired-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-device-wired-secureoffline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-device-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-device-wireless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-device-wwan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-no-connection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-secure-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-0-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-00-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-00.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-100-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-25-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-25.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-50-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-50.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-75-secure.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-signal-75.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-tech-lte.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/no-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/octopi-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/onboard-mono.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/overgrive-app-ind-con-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/overgrive-app-ind-con-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/overgrive-app-ind-con-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/overgrive-app-ind-sleep.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/overgrive-app-ind.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pamac-tray-no-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pamac-tray-update.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pidgin-tray-available.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pidgin-tray-away.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pidgin-tray-busy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pidgin-tray-connect.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pidgin-tray-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pidgin-tray-pending.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pidgin-tray-xa.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pithos-tray-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator-transparent.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/pushbullet-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/qbittorrent-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/radiotray-ng-off-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/radiotray-ng-on-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/receiving-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/receiving-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/receiving-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/receiving-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/record-desktop-indicator-recording.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/record-desktop-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rhythmbox-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rhythmbox-notplaying.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rocketchat-tray-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rsibreak0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rsibreak1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rsibreak2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rsibreak3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rsibreak4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/rsibreakx.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-1.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/scudcloud-attention-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/sflphone-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/sflphone-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/si-syncthing-0.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-10.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/signal-unread-9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-connecting-2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-connecting-3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/skype-status-invisible.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/slack-indicator-highlight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/smartphone-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/smartphone-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/smartphone-trusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stock_weather-cloudy.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stock_weather-fog.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stock_weather-night-clear.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stock_weather-showers.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stock_weather-snow.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/stock_weather-storm.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/system-devices-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/system-devices-panel-information.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/system-shutdown-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tablet-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tablet-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/todo-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tomboy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/touchpad-indicator-light.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmission-tray-icon.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmitting-bad-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmitting-good-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmitting-high-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/transmitting-low-signal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tray-message.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tray-new-im.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tray-offline.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/tray-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/update-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/update-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/updates-notifier-inactive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/updates-notifier.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-available-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-away-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-busy-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-idle-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-invisible-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-offline-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/user-online.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-high-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-low-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-medium-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-muted-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-none-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/volume-level-none.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-010.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-050.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-070.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-090.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-110.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-120.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-130.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-140.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-160.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-170.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-180.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-190.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-220.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-230.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-240.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-250.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-260.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-270.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-280.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-290.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-310.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-320.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-330.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-340.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-clear-night-350.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-180.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-hail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-many-clouds.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-mist.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-showers-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-showers-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-snow-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-snow-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-storm-day.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/weather-storm-night.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce-newmail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce-nomail.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-critical-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-critical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-full-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-low-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-ok-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-battery-ok.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-record.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-mouse-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-mouse-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-mouse-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-mouse-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-mouse-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-mouse-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-mouse-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-phone-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-phone-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-phone-030.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-phone-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-phone-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-phone-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-phone-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-primary-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-040.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-060.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-080.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-100.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-charged.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xfpm-ups-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/xkbmod-indicator.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yd-busy2.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yd-busy3.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yd-busy4.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yd-busy5.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync6.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync7.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync8.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/youtube-indicator-light-sync9.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yum-indicator-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yum-indicator-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yum-indicator-no-updates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yum-indicator-updates.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/yum-indicator-working.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24/zeal-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/panel/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/certificate-server.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/edittrash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/emptytrash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-bookmarks.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-decrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-desktop.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-downloads.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-drag-accept.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-encrypted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-finder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-gdrive.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-html.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-images.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-photos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-picture.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-public.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-remote-ftp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-remote-nfs.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-remote-smb.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-remote-ssh.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-saved-search.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-sound.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-temp.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-text.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-txt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-videocamera.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-videos.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-virtual.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-wifi.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder-windows.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder_home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/folder_open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-fs-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-fs-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-home.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gnome-stock-trash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/gtk-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/inode-directory.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/insync-folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/knetattach.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/library-music.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/network.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/repository.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/stock_bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/stock_delete-bookmark.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/stock_folder.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/stock_open.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/stock_trash_empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/stock_trash_full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/trashcan_empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/trashcan_full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/xfce-trash_empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16/xfce-trash_full.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/16@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/22 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/24 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/32 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/32@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/48 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/48@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/64 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/64@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/certificate-server-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/edittrash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/emptytrash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-bookmark-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-bookmarks-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-decrypted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-downloads-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-encrypted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-finder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-gdrive-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-home-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-html-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-image-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-images-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-network-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-photos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-picture-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-public-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-remote-ftp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-remote-nfs-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-remote-smb-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-remote-ssh-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-sound-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-temp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-text-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-txt-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-videocamera-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-videos-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-virtual-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-wifi-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder-windows-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder_home-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/folder_open-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-dev-trash-empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-dev-trash-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-fs-directory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-fs-home-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-fs-trash-empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-fs-trash-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-home-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-stock-trash-empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-stock-trash-full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gnome-stock-trash-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/gtk-directory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/inode-directory-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/insync-folder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/knetattach-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/library-music-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/network-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/repository-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/stock_folder-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/stock_open-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/stock_trash_empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/stock_trash_full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/trashcan_empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/trashcan_full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/xfce-trash_empty-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/places/symbolic/xfce-trash_full-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/16@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/gtk-dialog-authentication.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/gtk-dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/gtk-dialog-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/gtk-dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/gtk-dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/gtk-missing-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/messagebox_critical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/messagebox_info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/status_lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/stock_dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/stock_dialog-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/stock_dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/stock_dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/stock_lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/task-attempt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22/task-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/22@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/gtk-dialog-authentication.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/gtk-dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/gtk-dialog-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/gtk-dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/gtk-dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/gtk-missing-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/messagebox_critical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/messagebox_info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/status_lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/stock_dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/stock_dialog-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/stock_dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/stock_dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/stock_lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/task-attempt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24/task-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/24@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/dialog-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/gtk-dialog-authentication.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/gtk-dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/gtk-dialog-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/gtk-dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/gtk-dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/gtk-missing-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/laptop-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/laptop-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/laptop-trusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/messagebox_critical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/messagebox_info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/smartphone-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/smartphone-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/smartphone-trusted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/status_lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/stock_dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/stock_dialog-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/stock_dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/stock_dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/stock_lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/tablet-connected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/tablet-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/task-attempt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32/task-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/32@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/ac-adapter.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/blueberry-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/blueberry-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/blueberry.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/blueman-active.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/blueman-disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/blueman.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/bluetooth-paired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/dialog-password.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/gtk-dialog-authentication.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/gtk-dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/gtk-dialog-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/gtk-dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/gtk-dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/gtk-missing-image.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/input-touchpad-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/input-touchpad-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/messagebox_critical.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/messagebox_info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/mic-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/mic-on.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/mic-ready.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/nm-device-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/nm-device-wireless.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/nm-device-wwan.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/nm-no-connection.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-audio-volume-off.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-battery-000.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-battery-020.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-battery-caution-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-battery-empty.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-display-brightness.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-network-ethernet-disconnected.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-network-wired.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-network-wireless-disconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-network-wireless-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-power.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/notification-wifi-enabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/printer-printing.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/status_lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/stock_dialog-error.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/stock_dialog-info.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/stock_dialog-question.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/stock_dialog-warning.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/stock_lock.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/task-attempt.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48/task-attention.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/48@2x termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-high-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-low-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-muted-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/freon-fan-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/freon-temperature-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/freon-voltage-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-no-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-no-shuffle-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-one-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-one-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-none-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-vpn-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/night-light-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/nvidia-temp-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-status-blink-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-status-online-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/user-not-tracked-symbolic.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/16/stock_new-meeting.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/16/stock_people.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/16/stock_person-panel.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/16/stock_person.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/22 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/24 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/32 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/48 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/64 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/96 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/io/22 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/io/24 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/io/32 termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/io/scalable termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda-icons/stock/scalable termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-unfocused.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-unfocused@2.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/close_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/maximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/minimize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/close-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/close-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/close-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/hide-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/hide-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/hide-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/hide-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/menu-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/menu-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/menu-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/menu-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-toggled-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-toggled-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-toggled-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/shade-toggled-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-toggled-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-toggled-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-toggled-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/stick-toggled-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-2-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-2-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-3-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-3-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-4-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-4-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-5-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-5-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/close-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/close-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/close-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/close-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/hide-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/hide-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/hide-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/hide-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-toggled-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-toggled-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-toggled-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/maximize-toggled-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-toggled-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-toggled-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-toggled-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/shade-toggled-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-toggled-active.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-toggled-inactive.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-toggled-prelight.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/stick-toggled-pressed.xpm termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-2-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-2-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-3-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-3-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-4-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-4-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-5-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-CyberHack/xfwm4(big)/title-5-inactive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_focused_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/close_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_focused_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/maximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_focused_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/minimize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/sheet_style_close_focused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_dash.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_focused_normal.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_unfocused.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-NeonPanda/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-active.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-hover.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Termux-Desktop-SweetDark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png termux-desktop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/the-theif                                     the-theif
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/the-theif/apks/fb.apk                       the-theif
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/the-theif/apks/ig.apk                       the-theif
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/the-theif/key/the-theif.jks                 the-theif
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/venom                                         venom
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/webinfo                                       webinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/webserver                                     webserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/websploit-installer                           websploit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/weeman                                        weeman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/weeman-installer                              weeman
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/zap.desktop                    zaproxy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/zap.png                             zaproxy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/zipcracker                                    zipcracker
